You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , more read in America .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer or a leather clothing , and no one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something you fell somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of a complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s at the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird class .
When they 're beaten up until she was beating every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when she saved the teachers ' bathroom .
I made it secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , at the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that we never get to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring to that man that I know you 've found .
And I 've got to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to come up with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we took care of her family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted me as an adult came to know me , he became a box of ash and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , and it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I 've talked about is it made it present itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I saved her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today was a lot of this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I 'm going to keep them down around the water about 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake in the snow over a year after year after year .
The <unk> are born when they get out of the glaciers or the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and they hold on to the end , whereas others ca n't put it more and get into a dramatic passion of a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by seeing an iceberg , that are isolated apart and themselves , largely as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg melt water releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I come up to photograph this <unk> as if it was about portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , there are just that way , and they wo n't exist in that way again .
It 's not the death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice on the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years ago .
And another part of the ice is over 100 years ago .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's a little bit unusual to actually get a rolling iceberg .
Here they do .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing up there .
This is an Greenland iceberg , the average size .
<unk> of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so I want the eardrum to show a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , every single child -- a baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the sperm chromosome joined the X X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome has joined the X X chromosome .
They both turn on life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my soil , I 'll get two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian for training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- -- -- -- -- that 's about human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what have thought about the body .
The other role that performance is in my work is the activist , as a patient advocate , or , as I say sometimes , actively advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within a same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; much more low people .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with an outlier , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> embraces many forms .
I 'm going to give you a few examples of ways of having a sex that would not be placed in the ordinary or female forms .
So for example , it 's the case of the individual with <unk> XY the chromosome out of the chromosome and tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , they become testicles .
And then , in fetal life , the testes produce testosterone .
But because this individual lacks his <unk> , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following a typical female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks as a child .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when he 's growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , as men , have in the body called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; I do n't know how their <unk> structure -- I think , is a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We create <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles -- the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male boy , and she had a child , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy and he had just discovered he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes and the womb , the <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were exposed to the typical hormonal component of the male .
He was born with a child , and no one <unk> anything .
And it was at age 19 , when he started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , is to say , have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies are dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> <unk> <unk> , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're dealing with various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to say , African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you show us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic heritage .
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children who are born as two people within a same body .
The highest recent case is last year with <unk> South African <unk> , and he stood in fabric of the sex Games in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to ask myself , `` What do you test to do to determine whether <unk> is man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such one test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't plot a <unk> line between men and women or between men and women and women and <unk> , and we 're all of us who draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more science goes on the science , the more we have to admit that these categories were made stable moments that were used directly with stable <unk> categories -- they 're much more likely than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very hot discussions today -- not in public , but I know within <unk> about when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors had never had to hang out with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of them put a pen in front of your nose , and if he was moving still , he would n't .
If he stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract life organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to address dilemma to really determine someone 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you may think that this explosion of categories might be happy to someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I stand up with people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we thought about .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of fathers ' fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious , and so radical , in what they did , that I find every single piece of music , `` 1776 '' and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the parent-teacher fathers .
Parents fathers were , to me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
What they would reject was a concept of anatomic concept , and I got it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And , as everyone remembers , what was rejected by the idea of the monarchy , was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs from the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming in the body of the blood passed from the grandfather to the father and then the son , etc .
Parents was rejected by that idea and replaced by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They monitored the field of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common , and not the variable differences . That was very radical .
And in part of it , they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was happening for democracy , and at the same time they were born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Fathers fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and therefore provided the concept of power supernatural for a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if we look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And consequently , they were broadcasting the idea of <unk> <unk> .
And in doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the <unk> <unk> who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement , saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color people who are going to match the <unk> of the <unk> , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same thing with the FISA movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some basic divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to focus on the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five-year-old would have to be allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some basic divisions for me to make sense , and that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both to apply to 1979 exactly the same day .
So let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , in the contrary , was born in a term : was the one in March 1 in March .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary attribute all the rights three months before Henry -- the right , the right to the sexual consent , the right to the vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born after .
We find other oddities relative to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man , if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered , is this <unk> of the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still persist similar categories that in many ways they are fixed and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went on both the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could happen ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude , `` Well , we have to trace the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people have stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome out and get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice they do n't do tests to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` `` I Have a dream '' offer a solution .
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin , but on the content of their character , going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea looks good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure that we should be <unk> on this to give people rights to people , because I have to admit that I know from some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sexual relationships than the people I know .
So how do you put on the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me is what if the character of a person could be in the future will be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this current of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to have a sex change , in which case they 're allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd made light twin <unk> to then separate them , and then they grow their fame .
But when the phone asked the reason why the operation was a very <unk> operation , he said that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
So I said , `` Well , has it considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without helping to change the state of the state .
So I think we need to be on the head .
Well , to finish , I want to say I 've been talking a lot about parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it could have been , if we had given greater involvement to the mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas coming from different inventions , in particular if there are people thinking in group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in is differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about studying is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism , <unk> me a feminist , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what she 's got my feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the most silly question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the stereotypes about gender , so there 's nothing women in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought of the question , the more that I think is something women 's female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female 's brain and the male who makes us more coupled to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people over the state , it 's possible that , that there was more giving me more moms to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond anatomy -- to think less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to live and work , have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , at this point we are far from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their building cost .
So easily we could put them into the tens of tens , maybe hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just went through buildings of apartments .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , they were owners , and at the other half it still has to do that .
You could try to increase the capacity by doing <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the <unk> of construction .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a totally new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , when the rules of that place will be able to put it together , rather than putting between .
So I proposed that governments were going to build new public reform zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities in a charter cities .
Later I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 people will come up from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , in the summer of 2009 , I went through a popular constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> was recognized by a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a great amount of testing with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities in a charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , such as those rules that say that you ca n't go and bother all the current apartment residents .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but you need so much of technologies as the rules to make progress , and it 's usually the rules that prevent us to move forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we came together in Miami , in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the land value in a place like New York City , look at them , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk just described in a very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that were <unk> there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So President of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that measuring at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everyone <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the public were very serious and attentive .
The Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials , that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be an option from a city to which you might be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it would also include new options for leaders .
Because the government 's leaders of Honduras would need help from associated countries , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to establish , to fulfill the charter rules , so that they could all be trusted that they could effectively be turned on .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily reach about a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly afterwards , the 19th of January , voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special development regions .
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> .
All of the parties , all the factions in society , really got it .
In the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , again , again , again in another voting , he 's been approved again .
Immediately after the voting , from the 21 to 24 , a <unk> delegation was the two places in the world that are most interested in engaging in cities in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new new center of the city that 's being built in South Korea -- it 's bigger than the Boston block .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , after four years of getting permission .
The other country in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , it 's the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and then it would allow the <unk> to operate under a external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the court ultimately for this new justice system .
There 's urban <unk> and builders that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go get a job ; they 're sometimes unmarried mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred , all over the world ?
What seems to you think about insisting that families can choose between many cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , which is that I live obsessed with wetsuits .
I love to find , I love to wear , and more recently , photograph and publish on my blog , bold , colorful and different ones for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Oh , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to know <unk> people , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and my mind is unique ; and buying it into my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Will it be from my size ?
I 'm going to like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
To go back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what do you bring somebody who has all that clothing ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
It 's inside exactly a week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe believe in this journey of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is what I call a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You 've almost always seen you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All together , including the <unk> jacket , and it was the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday , the integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you also get bored .
<unk> : <unk> of the child who are inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes , or I remind you of seven years of seven .
I like to <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Design is the key .
If you think you look good at something , it 's almost almost sure you are .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't look at you , you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : <unk> <unk> are going with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a own personal style , and only is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week simply by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate it .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to go back certain things .
I do n't need to be emotionally afraid of these things , because back in the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful and bright <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be someone who 's absolutely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> for one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not to be mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas complicated .
But at the same time , we need quite intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We get to play with them , and then we see as they react , and then we see our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a intuition that you can have developed over the course of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and he did n't really do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet that playing with that bar in parking lot I showed him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you are a physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it quantum mechanics theory .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit for my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not very much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it also did n't fit my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why some years ago , I set out to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we 're doing a very good approach to the little <unk> of metal .
What we see is a little bit of a little bit of metal , with a trampoline shape , which shows up on a platform .
And then I made this almost the same way that you 're running a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines around 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a swimming hole that 's underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator only , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't bother them , or , actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The <unk> of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind that goes on to their side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave , according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We 're looking at the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then you get it to a temperature of less than a degree by zero zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like it .
So we measured their movements .
We discovered it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way that it was <unk> was like a breathing of this form -- like a <unk> that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a soft push , we were able to make it <unk> , and you do n't get to the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line up .
In the rest of the time they are <unk> .
I mean every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It 's really worthwhile in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the scale difference between one single atom , and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part speech .
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just shaped in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And so 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss , which is here , and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with a very interesting , interesting museums .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is simply explaining in this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a great education -- I do n't know , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and going to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
So better I 'm going to show you a demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken from its launch .
So , just : we 're going to get it out .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the MoMA gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click on it , and <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Would you like to navigate the museum ?
We open up the top , and , with a click click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
Come on , go ahead , go ahead .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the + + you .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click right here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , has , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get with 10 billion pixels .
It can zoom around a very simple way .
You see things fun that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go deeper .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went in and found that the kids were actually playing something .
So I did a little bit , I talked to some people in the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a <unk> game , which is a <unk> , which is a <unk> on the Tuesday .
And it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get deeper into the depth and you 'll see that you can actually get into the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take the image , so you 'll actually see what there are .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find some details .
But what if you want to see <unk> ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` The night <unk> , '' I think I had never seen it like this before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really great part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives the same .
You can online create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go into that , I created this function that I call `` The zooming in '' -- we just looked around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you 're looking at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium makes justice at their work , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian , all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in Formula Church 1 in the last two decades .
Now , sometime ago , if you wanted to win a race race one , I would take a budget and I would plug it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , you 've got into real time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time systems in real time are starting to enter our lives .
Our cities in the last few years have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're going back to open computers .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
So , as a few aside , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all these detections and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of <unk> <unk> for the late year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` To me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , they start telling us .
So in a way , it 's like almost all existing atoms get out sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know , when Michelangelo was carved by the Moses , he says that at the end he took the hammer , and he threw it down the Moses -- you know , you can still see a little <unk> dent in her , and he said , `` You know , <unk> , please ? ''
Well , today , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer of 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe a few of you , they play Italy and France , and at the end , the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at the activity beyond the Web .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river <unk> .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the afternoon , there are people over here , and there are calls , moving around .
It starts the party : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
Number one time , a second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She earns Italy , yes !
That night , everyone was to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the time .
And then everybody went down .
You see the place called <unk> Massimo , where , from the Roman time , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have done a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but of things we use and we consume .
Today , we know all about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash on its shift through the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that in all ways .
Then we put a little chip , a label , to the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from it .
In Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
They 're happening complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we <unk> does n't go away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we <unk> one day still goes on there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about screening and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came to us and said that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , will you join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that you have a body and valves , valves of <unk> , <unk> and closed .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If the pixels fall , you can write on them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go through , like you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And we had an commission to design the building to the <unk> .
We call it Digital Water .
The whole building is made of water .
There is no windows and windows , but when you 're coming up , it 's open to you that you can go through .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture goes away , like this .
Those days , there will always be somebody , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost all the architecture , it 's gone .
Here it is working .
It looks like the people who are going on in the ground .
And here I 'm myself trying to do not get wet when the sensors open up the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working .
That night was really even more fun .
Every <unk> children came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building to leave you so much to leave you , but a building that was still making slices and water holes , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( People . ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could begin to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , as we saw before , which is moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
kind of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play it with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears on different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a frozen cloud in 3D , where you can come up , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real controlled <unk> , going down to form a V like before .
When light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people and so forth , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Strawberry <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers today , the star of the <unk> of New York City and La Scala for <unk> to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see busy dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels , capture in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization as a movement capture .
It can <unk> the whole movement .
You can walk all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm like a barn , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could make them all a little bit of a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we move from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , and the Obama campaign for the first time and the Obama campaign was <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to address today 's challenges , think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered by pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital piece in the night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only some changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- by one more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of yourself ?
What about living with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Few of you . It 's probably because of the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you pick the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe possibly ?
Evolution has been a theme issue here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a doctor 's look at the subject .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , who also <unk> in the Church <unk> Church , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except to light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : about the past , or the future ?
It 's about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the most of us are interested in .
Tell a common ancestor about about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there have been perhaps 20 different species of hominids .
Some have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in most of the most basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not as human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically <unk> , which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry on the new intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio does it raises about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , is very loving .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to do without effort on their part .
It 's really like a fast way for bacteria to the occasional disruption of some rush <unk> .
But by so on , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that are essential to our life .
They help digest nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future follow us ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or really meant to become something different , something better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is as a brief compass , the animal kingdom , like one single and only <unk> , and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed it .
When I first reported to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell just just divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters cells .
But when the multicellular organisms appear things start to change .
It goes into the scene of sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the body 's death comes into evolution in the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> death by sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at the time , but with every year that was going on , every single time was more doubt .
I was to understand the feelings of George Burns , which is still acting in Las Vegas in their 90s .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a wonderful light dancer of clothing .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came in search for a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different target of evolution , not necessarily inconsistent , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you healthy .
I wanted to reclaim health in the disease .
I wanted we were living more and healthier .
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as <unk> , designed to send the genetic burden on the next level , and then let us leave the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that expressed Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my job .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily help longevity .
It does n't necessarily help the bigger or the strongest or faster and even the smartest thing .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria <unk> that they can survive to the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , <unk> fish into empty , though , have managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the reasoning behind the underlying thing is that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and written out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set out our environment so that they adapted to us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're going to get so much that it is no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happen .
A second possibility is that we create a traditional , natural type evolution , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when we as a kind of distant planets are going to exist in isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility , intriguing .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and elected for us as individuals we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
Let 's first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what is elected to the individual and family level .
Think about it as well as possible to be able to choose not only sex of their offspring , but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued .
<unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost near 20,000 dollars , and within a week .
Not a lot to be made for the human genome for $ 1,000 and more and more at all .
Those changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can do viruses that are not only going to protect ourselves , but you 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in the course of the flu vaccine that we have in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's actually today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then just two little changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if you could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if they could change sperm and eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , to remove diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want to be healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce change to prevent disease , is going to allow us also to take <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings thing about if you could be able to put them with the next generation of the machine , Watson ?
Why do n't you have a faster muscle muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we can take on the attributes that we want to have evolved the evolution of before the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100 thousand years and we can compress that to 1,000 years and maybe it would be within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these choices to make a better , more thoughtful society , more robust ?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most profound things : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . Sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to with flight assistants .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We 've got some birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly , that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and without noises .
And then he said three words .
The top three words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ends up .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in an instant .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences that I wanted to have , and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as I <unk> the George Washington bridge , which was not a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , I 've tried to get better at all I did .
But in my humanity , I also give rise to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that does n't matter to people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels pretty cool .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm not trying to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is going to go , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of it , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been dealing with all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , only desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still , and I scream , cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
He gave me a miracle , not to die that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and come back and live otherwise .
You guys are flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing is going on on your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how to change ?
What do they do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've certainly been blessed with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day he came home after he was running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm wearing your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
<unk> today has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation so that , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to go to Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said , `` Let 's give them this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't you seen Stephen <unk> , is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through these devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be important , you have a pretty good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Does anybody see the movie `` The scuba and the butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- you put it with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I introduced me with the only hand of giving a check and instead of that sign a check that I did n't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their interior can not communicate . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw about that and you record the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They first start with sexual organs , then with bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a life cycle in your presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side we had done a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of insurance companies , and we got a machine that <unk> could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's more fun ; I call it <unk> , because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers out of all the <unk> world from every single corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids , and we moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took the control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we were doing something completely stupid , and when they would have taken out of the walls of the walls and then there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the southern shipping walk , my son was part , my dog , too , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun that we bought in the shipping country in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> Home and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we opened it up , we set it up with an LED light , and now there 's a device that is free -- and we published the code , the software is low at free .
And we create a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says no .
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There were all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense days of all the night , Tony 's sessions and drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of your life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking wall outside the hospital .
And he came back to draw in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to disrupt the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email and this was what was like , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater , and somebody finally came to me and getting me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
And in a way that 's our scream at war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a movie .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to make it better and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the greatest inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the <unk> is that in April of this year in the National Angeles <unk> in Los Angeles , there 's a show called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what you have in this room was possible -- the computer , the microphone , the microphone -- nothing was possible at a time .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not I 'm not a programmer , I did nothing with eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I 'm going to engage you with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we 're feeling that we have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations in situations generally very difficult , and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in war areas -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days by eating this -- fun at first , something hard in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been dealing with terrible situations with the only goal of dealing with the only goal of treating , interesting , interesting issues in ways that are interesting , interesting , and hopefully analyze them in a way that looked helpless and accessible to the audience .
So , when I knew that I was coming here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands , and I 've figured I wanted to do something a little different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I got a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I was next : `` <unk> your <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you do n't have any idea what it 's about and as content I could get into the face , especially if I put it into ridiculous at you or a company in doing it .
But this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So still , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked him a year ago , I could n't tell them about certain .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we examined the world of marketing , in advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been engaged in terrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , and I could n't make it so hard , for something so dangerous , or so dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that try to make a film that 's about <unk> , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film is <unk> with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' it 's all from the top to the bottom , in principle to end , has pictures of brand , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were <unk> into the film in context , forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : Is it redundant . ) It 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) Right , forever ?
I 'm a bell redundant . ( MK : I just say it . ) It was more .
It was `` horizontal . Stop . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the brand X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to take all the categories we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most great shoe you 've used ...
The most great car you 've driven in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you 'd have drunk , from `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then showing the brands as part of life , making them make the film ? ( MS : Doing the film ? ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the print is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , in principle .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know what it 's going to do ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worth convincing a pair of brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll look at as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , by the film , or is I ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... it means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ) When you look at people you have to treat .
MK : We 've got some places where I 'll go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of a microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` we do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was one for one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed , and I thought that the concept of advertising , it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make as many people as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell the new vehicle worthy of attention that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> mistake , and that mistake was this .
Actually no , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you 're looking for Google imaging imaging , this is one of the first pictures that appear .
I like your film to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected , or seen ; that 's characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , probably the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name the name , the president the claims , including the CEOs .
But all of a sudden when it comes to it , it 's suddenly changing .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary , like that rare bear that we still still follow .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
<unk> a whole bowl of <unk> Cool .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies , and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said , `` No , we want to tell you a story .
We want to tell a story , but tell me a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , a agency wanting to help me -- that just because I knew John Bond , and Richard <unk> from many years ago , I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the creator and go to the companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to warn you of all of a sudden , and I started to tell me , is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I 've got friends who do big , huge , giant movies that make small , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make films of big Hollywood movies , they say the reason why their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically at the movie specifically ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you get to you .
Maybe you should put yourself a little bit before the interview . ''
And there 's one of these fabulous <unk> .
You know , `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise , '' you 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now , I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
So , let 's go back to the kind of little movies that <unk> ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that other brands have .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people , is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe behind ?
It 's blank .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep yourself alive ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , to the people like me , to the commons .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm , my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : They revive the 80 , <unk> punk '' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : something unique . ( MS : Just . ) Man : I guess the gender type , the style that I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray ones and things like that .
They usually take accessories as sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the similar crystals .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I 'd call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , in part of <unk> , in part of <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
They 're taking toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx out because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> Nation .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer marks .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand , Tom , but often I 'm focusing on the intersection of dark <unk> and random casual .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` branding . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand brand .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world in which you live in -- like people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case come from in my family , West Virginia .
So what is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who would like to be me .
I like different things .
I like odd things . I like odd things .
A : Tell me the `` why '' -- what does that serve ?
What 's the stakes ? What <unk> you are now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of crazy stuff on this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand brand . The Morgan Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only going to be stuck in one of their strengths , or in the other people focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's natural nature to avoid things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually sink them and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are like that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here to the Target , Wii , Mini of Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to do your identity identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a top-down attribute ? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow ?
Or are you more a attribute attribute ?
A little trickier , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are as being playful as being the <unk> , contemporary , adventurous , bold , bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystic , as <unk> .
Or are you more about attribute downwards ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
Are you set , traditional , provider , protective , with `` Oprah ? ''
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , trustworthy , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies , bottom-up and descending , who said , `` No , '' they would n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , you have no control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film , how now they use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a film .
We went to <unk> Paulo , where they have banned advertising outdoors .
In the entire city over the last five years , there are no billboards , there 's no <unk> , there 's no <unk> .
And we went to school districts that companies are getting on the way in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest answer or the ones that I 've had more success are those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They took the <unk> to the <unk> , and they said , perhaps , these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has it gone ? They were successful ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a two-year period of time .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
They 're not even introduced in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about to do is not to be a part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks , there are opportunities .
I think when you get rid of the people that it 's pushing them to failure .
I think that when you train your employees at the risk of risk , they 're preparing their whole company to lack of rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to take chances .
We need to encourage people who do n't have the fear of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , I think we need to give place to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
I 'm afraid of fear . Let 's get the risk .
From a <unk> at a time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to support transparency .
Today , more than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And he said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents `` The Transparency . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my current generation of the year .
The idea behind the IT worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time systems in real time .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we can put a cash virus for Windows in a portable computer that 's used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows Windows .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken off ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started research on Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these systems of control .
That struck us , and we started an experiment in which we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet looked like a rat rat who did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
I had no sense for me .
And after they experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a attack run .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively looking for the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect it is actually working in that place .
No , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the target is . ''
It might be , say , for example , a U.S. power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
We 'd better take the target soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we found that there was <unk> in two digital pumps : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed with people who obviously had all the internal information .
They 're going to get all the points for them to attack .
You probably even know how much it fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard the <unk> of Stuxnet , it 's complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very much above all we 've ever seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like old assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find this code .
What we were looking for was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and we tried to engage with the real world , with potential targets of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we can approve of or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a precious white , and it 's probably in Iran , because most infections has been <unk> .
They 're not found many thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants among our clients . ''
I called them , and I consulted them in an effort to get their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with rotor of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they can certainly <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> at an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to decipher the big digital <unk> looking very closely by the data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number comes up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started looking at scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That makes sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called the stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in my hands .
So there 's no misunderstanding : it was n't that way .
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work .
They 're routinely dependent on dead ends , and we had to start back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads would say to one single , same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other targets are <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and the top of you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the input values for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber is <unk> video .
That 's great , huh ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine , you have to open valves escape from a millisecond .
Obviously , this can not do a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can get bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And the <unk> nor the security system will notice .
That scares you .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium .
It could also work also , for example , on a power plant , or in an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as attacker , to disseminate this burden on a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use the conventional <unk> , <unk> technology .
<unk> as much as possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and the better we 're going to start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been done in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your mind ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one single , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , in the other way , our problems would be even higher .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken , and I would give you <unk> skills , or another one that makes users open up and they walk back .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different than something other than the morning , gives you a big force , which is also increasing its speed , and it helps you , for example , to manage the balance .
It 's actually true of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect with the universe and with other things outside .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we start to talk about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a <unk> charge , and you 're pushing it to take even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds per variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to make a lot of crawling to crawling and run with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then increase my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's now look at the users of wheelchair users , which I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people around , in chairs of wheels , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord than when their life is at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- bumping into a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be its only choice .
And we 're also talking about the population that it just accelerated quickly .
Your only choice , many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from its success as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter of mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that is using Amanda <unk> who is 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result could not go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
And also here , there are a few batteries that give power to the motors on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it forward with this soft and very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , I was skiing down on the bottom .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all the sensation and all of the pelvis motion down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole myself to the last nugget of hope of me .
The adapting technology since then , it has allowed me to learn how to <unk> <unk> , and it 's allowed to be able to learn the rock , and I even assemble in a hand bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , until now .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just about soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of chairs in the wheelchair .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival 's festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , you know their cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now , chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , frightening , democratic society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence is still not yet yet .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of <unk> jungle , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox , an extraordinary biodiversity of an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been taken for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction also puts in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The hunting of whaling and the deforestation can not fill in or a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden by the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes `` make love , not the war , '' because they have frequent <unk> , <unk> and bisexual sex to handle social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of mankind because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With it , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
Play increases creativity and resilience , has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity diversity , diversity of connections .
And when you see the Bonobo game sees the evolutionary roots themselves from laughter , the dance and the ritual ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you 're playing , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild .
First of all , it 's a Bonobo , Bonobo play , and I do n't talk about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` he has a <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common in bonobos as humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play , like <unk> , and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But play is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , <unk> , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be made .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water that 's been playing with water .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that propels us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real hot warm of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world to more difficult and greater creativity .
The secret is the key for these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> .
To adapt success to a world that changes we need to play .
But do we get to the most of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
To bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the least appropriate to play , they can be the moments when the most urgent .
So , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together while I was taking creativity , friendship and awe .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit , called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain assistant in a body of firemen volunteers .
And in our city , where volunteers are in a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high chance to go .
But still , there was a race standing against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found Captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner who certainly passed on one of the worst days of their life .
We were at a full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas , at all , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go and save the owner of the owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell people who walked into a burning building to save a live building just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go between the house .
I need to go up , get my fire , and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I was -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> firemen , which at that height had gone down to the fire and entered the main room looking for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back on the ladder , where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the front door .
We got out of the house treasures for the house owner where , as I was to wait , his treasure received a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner 's owner 's owner , by the fearless effort to have proven to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about what else was that someone had reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a volunteer fireman , I 'm a witness to acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also from grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're about to achieve , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's lives .
If you have something to give , let 's get it now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's lives , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's lives .
So they trained the game ; they 're holding the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first few blocks of concrete were built into 1868 with a very simple idea : cement , concrete modules that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used to the most used in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , it came up with this .
It was called the automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , the <unk> bricks came to all homes .
It 's estimated that it 's been made that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build bridges , buildings or houses .
<unk> made it accessible .
<unk> simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small transistor unit that would lead us from a world of aesthetic building piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows to create a much higher , more complex circuits , a brick at the same time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they come together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
<unk> have a code code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the pink is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue blue with one green , and very quickly you can begin to make higher circuits .
A blue one with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have a regulator store .
If we change the button by a pulse module , it 's here , and now we have a light on it .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond simple play , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and <unk> , it allows us to program using very simple gestures .
To make faster blink or slower , you just turn this button , which makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind them is it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world are going to be <unk> in the world to use .
So lighting , sound , solar panels , motors ; everything should be accessible .
We 've given the kids to do to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light bulb works , or why the elevator door is kept open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to <unk> schools .
So for example , designers had no experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
( metallic noise ) A few weeks ago , we took <unk> at Rhode Island School of Design , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> pesticide cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> <unk> , which is afraid of darkness .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this stuff to all .
So <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all the design files and make them back .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is seeking to engage with the environment focused on the environment .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit in charge .
We can -- we can actually continue to get the video better .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to tell you the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called `` For America '' and they would be like a <unk> of Peace .
It 's a few members of the year and we put them to work with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to the wild world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the municipal workers .
Your job is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
You meet .
This is a fire hydrant .
Here 's what if I 'd come up with a date , but what you really look for is somebody to clean up when it 's caught up by the snow , because he knows that it 's not very good at the fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did they get to help this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it spent a long year last year .
They realized that the city will never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens cleaned up with shovels sidewalks in front of them .
So he made a good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a hydrant .
You accept <unk> when it snows .
When you do that , you put a name in this case , in this case he put it down .
If you do n't , somebody can <unk> .
So it 's got a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
So maybe the smallest of the 21 man-made applications happened last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
And it spreads into viral shape .
A responsible for systems from Honolulu City to see this app realized that it could use it , not for the snow , but for citizens to have <unk> from tsunami .
It 's very important to work on these cultures from tsunami , but people are stolen .
That 's why you have the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> along .
And Chicago just just got it to make people enter to clean sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has spread without friction , in a organic and natural fashion .
If you know a little government technology , you will know that it does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then we told us that I had done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the court of California than the time has cost 2,000 billion dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's been program in a couple of days , and it 's spreads into viral shape , is a warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests to the government best of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but more like the Internet itself .
I mean , without constraints , it 's open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to tackle the question of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an <unk> institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And not only is it for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration for that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we have lost sight .
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that you 're doing crazy , the government is , essentially , in words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we alone ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , you would ask them to be <unk> , because things are changing .
The politics does n't change ; the government is .
And because government ultimately made out of us -- remember that of `` We , the people , '' the way that we think about it will affect the way that they make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people for the <unk> .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , mostly of <unk> .
This is the phone care center of services and information .
It 's the place that calls the calls if you 're a <unk> in America .
Scott answered this call .
I joined `` <unk> '' in the official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the gates of the house , put music right and see if it goes ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was not the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't have that application .
It was the very smart people 's work that was very smart from the Office of the Boston Cape Sea .
So one day , this really happened , it comes in this order : `` <unk> in my garbage cube , I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to take your leave ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to a person .
In <unk> <unk> . All right , so you all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I came up to place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . I lived ? Yes .
I went back the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet evening . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed willful collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition technology of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected two people .
And it could be connected to government services of being needed , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps another , it 's <unk> communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we need to think about government is that it 's not the same thing as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times they have chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that government reflects our values , and then we do n't see change .
That 's because government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches .
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's the contempt of contempt that belongs to us that we 've funded as something that is operating on our own , that other thing , and we 're largely losing power .
People believe that politics is sexy .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because that 's where the real job of government occurs .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed video report of 325 pages in response to the <unk> of the finance project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us , we 've been dealing with government , is time for us to ask , what world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to deal with .
Do you really believe that we 're going to get to where we have to do not solve the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is that with technology is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand strengthening to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act on , you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The age of age of age is 28 , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation than a lot of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their views on any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when the government problem face , they do n't really care about their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They 're able to work on the work to program applications that make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It may be cleaning up a hydrant , taking off weeds , dumping a garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people doing it .
But these applications are like digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't have citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will we be a crowd of voices , or also we 'll be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails , prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I say this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach them with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned that from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it was power .
It was the last word in the family .
She moved many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in the 1840 .
She was born over the 1880 , and his experience with slavery except the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was small , and I looked at her , she was approaching me , and I was a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I 'm going to get away .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at it , and I was like , `` Look , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'll get me back , and if I said yes , I was going to leave it in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of the 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and your attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and I was running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At the beginning I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and she smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she got up , through the room , he took me out of my hand , and he said , `` You see <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out , and he said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's not do that . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and she looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
Like I loved my mom , I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to tell you is that you 're always going to do the right thing , but the right thing to do is . ''
I thought , `` Yeah , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want to tell you about is that you never wear alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural , I have a brother a bigger year and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a package of six beers , I do n't know where he got them , and I grabbed my sister and I and we went to the forest .
We just have always been doing things of always .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You go on , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , you 're going to do it , and you always do the same thing .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I do n't feel good . You can go on . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I landed on the strength and she went on , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that you probably should n't say .
This will be widely spreading .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this thinking that it 's an virtue ; I say it for the power that identity has .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to the other people who really do n't see them .
We ca n't get you to do things that do n't believe it to be able to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died from age-related disease .
And these were the things that , according to it , we needed to engage .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people on <unk> .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has changed fundamentally our world .
In poor or black communities , you find so much <unk> , so despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black black ones between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color young people are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that comes to you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and rage make us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
It seems interesting .
We 're looking at our work some of the developments that are quite curious .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , they benefit from rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we toss it over the next 10 years , the level of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where it was sentencing to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without a chance of getting out .
Now we 're in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a sense , have you thought to think that the final question is , people deserve to die for <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There are another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
In every nine people executed , they have identified one that is innocent , and it 's released from the death row .
An error rate , amazing , an innocent one .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would n't allow you to ever fly airplanes if every nine to take away , you would have been crashing .
But somehow we isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and about this thing if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about <unk> history , I talk about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted until World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for American Americans in this country , it was a little defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you . teaches talks , speeches about people who stop saying that we 're in our history ahead of our first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No , no . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with the segregation and decades of racial organizations and <unk> .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood what we 've ever done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We 're constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome their racial segregation without a truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
So naturally we 'll never be able to have it here . ''
And the room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our history , we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational , that we , intentional and deliberately , would put us to run people . ''
Let 's get it on .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , <unk> people , especially if they were in their own Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues that are so difficult , positive , wonderful things are , though , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It 's creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are ruled by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
lately we talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means I 'll spend more time thinking , thinking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
Think of them is , in a way , something that 's within us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
It 's about innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from securing ideas as well as the heart of the heart .
This is the connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and the difficult thing .
There 's a great Czech leader , and he was talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering from oppression , we wanted all sorts of things , but primarily what we needed was hope , guidance for spirit , a will to be on sites of despair and witnessed . ''
Well , that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think even in communities like TED , should engage .
There is no disconnect with technology and design , that allows us to be truly human being , if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would get together simply to speak .
Occasionally , the lady <unk> me , to say , `` <unk> , there 's the lady Parks . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes , ma'am . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I would say , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going to just hear them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And one time I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks led to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We 're trying to help those who have been affected unfairly .
We try to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the sentences of life , without parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave all my best speech , and at finishing it , he looked at me and said , `` Hmm , um . ''
And he added , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> , leaned on my face in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a thief .
Even if someone kills the other , it 's not a killer .
So , I think there 's a basic dignity in the people who should be <unk> by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , we do n't judge ourselves by our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual or rational capacity .
At the end of a society at the end of a society , not the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the women , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel broken . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
Take tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond me in a very important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of the <unk> .
I 'm going to jail and I see my customers from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn to someone who 's not ?
The judge was <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late night I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yeah , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask some of that .
Because I was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a little , black , black .
I started to work on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a <unk> white privilege for a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put there there have been improper conduct in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethical , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that silly <unk> would be a dream , or did I write it ?
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had already forgotten .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the <unk> .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
Finally , I got out of the car . I walked to the court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was a playground .
When he saw me , he came up and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
Then I approached me and hugged me .
And I whispered it into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
It connected deeply with my inner , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the hearings room .
When I walked in , the judge saw me .
He said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Mr. Yes , I went . '' And we started to discuss .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the policemen the assistants for the assistants .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , all furious because we 're talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see that he was going and came .
I would look out the window , and you 're going to get them to hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , came into the room and sat behind me , almost at the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break a sheriff was upset , because he had entered in the room .
The assistant ran over the old black .
He said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I walked into this room of audiences to tell this young man to keep his view in the objective target . ''
I 've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds up to justice .
That we ca n't really be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is bound to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity should bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of you who share this , I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with kind of emphasize .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see an obvious wish of the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to raise the funding that you spend today in political policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row over the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of murder did not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds , to make the law turn , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that you have to do with the largest <unk> rate .
What would you say to whom you think that is ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass mass in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong War on Drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the <unk> population .
And we let us convince us by the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life lives -- by stealing a bicycle , small crimes against ownership , rather than making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our philosophical philosophy about punishment does n't do anything .
I think that 's the orientation that you have to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today here today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : Huge threats of Bin Laden death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : Police launches gas .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : 65 , <unk> : 65 are killed .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami : <unk> . <unk> .
Several <unk> : War Wars : mass War . <unk> .
Then you go . <unk> . You end . Egypt .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be the last six days or over the last six years .
The idea is that the press media would prefer to make negative news , because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day our senses are receiving a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And like nothing matters more than to survive , the first stop of all that data is an ancient piece of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all of the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us .
So of a <unk> of stories , we would look at the negative .
That <unk> saying , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us all the negative news for the seven days , 24 hours a day , 24 hours a day , no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world will be wrong with worse .
But maybe it does n't .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps enormous progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water scarcity and energy -- no doubt we have .
As humans , we 're very good at taking the problems , and , in the long , we just ended up with them .
Let 's take the place in the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average of life has been more than doubled , the average per capita income has tripled in the whole world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has dropped from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles unless the world literacy was 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're actually living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to give us higher and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , a lot of people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , mobile , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of the technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that you can see in technology technology , he jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in the war and the peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the end of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop in front of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , to <unk> Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer on the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food and food , digital medicine , metabolizing and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on Watson 's Jeopardy , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline there was .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not a easy game .
Play the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to all in the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which may have positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people 's lives .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of how possible .
It 's about taking that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of 1800 .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
<unk> ate out of silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with covered in aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington ridge is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came and made the aluminum thing so cheap that we use it as a <unk> .
We would give this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They go to Earth 16 <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of diesel : earthquake rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , the solar power will cost six cents an hour per hour compared to 15 cents on the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
Remember when Carl Sagan wrote the Voyager 1 spacecraft into the Earth , 1990 , after Saturn ?
So let 's get a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but also there is one hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
The nanotechnology comes , it lands .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , permission called <unk> <unk> , which is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of water a day from any source of saltwater , contaminated water , one <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola has just occurred to me that it will make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have confidence that this is going to be , Coca-Cola implemented the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration rate in the developing world in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya , which President Reagan 25 years ago .
And from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted .
We 'd better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , <unk> technology , <unk> , and they 're losing market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes up when the applications come in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> Prize , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they speak , and because it has A.I . , you can coughing , you can get blood from your finger .
To win , you have to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there 's no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device is taking a virus of RNA or DNA that wo n't find recognition , calling the world 's health and , first of all , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the greatest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion growing billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the brand of the <unk> .
By the way , the best protection of the population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , spending from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds never heard before you add to the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What are you going to do ? What would you want ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the largest economic injection of history .
These people are tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health because of the <unk> , of a better education with Khan Academy , and because of using impressions in 3D and computer computing , they will be more productive than ever before .
What can you provide for three billion more members of humanity , healthy and productive healthy ?
How about the voices never heard before ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What do you do about three billion ?
What if they 're contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams guided by its passion with a clear target , can do extraordinary things -- things that before they could only do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that you may have heard of .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> can determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played this with college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started to play it .
And it has shown that today the human pattern recognition machinery is better to build proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power to take the biggest challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion for the <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to become working on to work on the solution of great challenges and do what we should do .
We have for a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
<unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in <unk> .
Maybe they thought he 'd come behind , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
It was a lot to the 1880 .
Now the fish is in the Red IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , on Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they keep intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story is also illustrates another concept : displacement over the waist .
Because I was in 1971 , in 1971 , studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , in the mangroves .
He 'd been <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going on for a good moment , so it became more than the middle in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
It 's going to be five centimeters old .
It would give you a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to changed , but it 's all changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of <unk> in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , we started in <unk> Europe , and they did a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose to the countries that they already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fisheries .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called the <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in it , and we did studies in the south of China <unk> and , mostly in the Java Sea .
What we captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about the remains , remains that are fish of coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was <unk> .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The bottom is going to be a solid coral fund , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . They lit them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
He was n't yet yet .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are born every time they go to an area that they 've never fished .
But it does n't have been documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
Let 's get the starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you do this , something like that happens .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , the number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the supply of water .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Every generation will use the pictures I received at the beginning of their conscious life , like normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze it of changes .
And at the end , keeping a miserable remains .
And that 's largely what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies kill animals without knowing what they 've done up to the generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose abundant animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not a big loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become unusual because we take them .
There are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect the evidence .
So for example , the anecdote that some present , as a captain of the present , as a captain of this , can not be used or , usually not using the scientists of fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the huge paper that you can accomplish a protected protected area .
Because with marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
So let 's look at the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , as people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think that the arts and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay simulation .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film , I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why do you think about the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a way , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube code manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today we 're going to see why we 're going to see viral videos and how important it is .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today the web video makes any of us , or of our actions , copper ourselves in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
Over 48 hours of video on YouTube per minute .
And , of those , only one small percentage gets viral , receives lots of hits and it makes cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : makers of trends , community of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this film outside of its house in the National Park National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the views on the popularity of popularity last summer .
They were not trying to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
He had already published lots of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that I 'm going to tweet video to popularity .
The creators as Jimmy Kimmel is presented with new and interesting things , and they 're going to put them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : That 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want to get on Friday . You 're all willing to get on Friday . KA : You wo n't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
So , like `` second-largest rainbow , '' this video seemed to come from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , he took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , of <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke , then start talking about it and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> of <unk> on YouTube .
So only in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other of the other days .
Unlike the one-way century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with it .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an animation with a music chord .
So that 's all .
This year you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three of three hours that has been seen four million times .
Until the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There were <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , a whole community arose that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be able to be part of .
Because we do n't just enjoy that , we entered .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` Hmmm rainbow , '' or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat '' ?
What script could have been written to do this ?
In a world in which two days of video go up two days of video per minute , just that really unique and unexpected can make it <unk> the way these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who will protest riders in New York , I admit I did n't get interested in it .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for <unk> , but there are often obstacles that keep you circular properly by the <unk> .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect , and your mood , Casey <unk> 's done that five million you saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do creative .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The trend industry , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new type of media , in a new culture , to which we all have access , and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You do n't ask permission to express their ideas .
We 're all a little bit of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're barely the media media , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still coming together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported on the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
So think of the while the communist came in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time , was making it wrong .
It 's <unk> in silence .
He died <unk> .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My job was not to stop that it 's been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get <unk> , but I 'll get it up .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to dawn , quietly quietly quietly .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when her father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life had been destined for one task : the escape of his family and new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a four-year <unk> that defies fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed in fishing vessel .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a fence with poison .
If you could , first we would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the steady rate of the engine , the bow to a wave , and the vast horizon and the horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to start for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed , and he died , finish the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple got the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new way of new together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class , which I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a line of assembly car , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a management degree in I.T . technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and they established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , they would n't mind what you should be off , which was generally new clothes ; it was always <unk> .
Two pairs for school , one to hide the holes from the other .
A school uniform up to my ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Asians , go home . ''
house , where ?
Something in me was <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to be <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and my sister and my sister was in the same bed .
My mother was lying every night , but we got rid of our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my job was to be awake until his nightmares began to be able to get them .
She opened a computer store , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were stuck in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
On one , it was the classic , relentless student , which I took from myself .
In the other , I was very high in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young year .
And I went into a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
As I was , an anonymous <unk> of <unk> , it was right now , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I had never heard , and in houses that she had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of the life in an <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters to end the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> about the day of each one , and she goes down , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when she got into the boat .
He had never been an option .
He said , `` Do you , '' and you wo n't be what you do n't . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> the marginalized and the exposed .
And the more frankly I was talking about , the more it was to talk about .
I met people from all the lives of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There was another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new in the scene -- and not just that 's good , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is broken , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they would n't have been <unk> was tremendously .
There was a energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
And they would take a small group of people to the saying , `` It can not be done . ''
For one year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , he was making a giant soup pot that we all share .
It 's going to be <unk> to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we open up .
I took the decision to move to the United States .
after a single trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and I was continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had not changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 became a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without her husband 's support , he caused a fence to the <unk> and taking the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
He ca n't prove it to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the bedroom of a hotel in Sydney when she died , at 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and saw her stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called my mother .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around her coffin .
We tell the stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night a monk came , and he told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is her hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since those of us were and how life was formed , we can now see that men who had come to our lives that would have been frustrated .
Now , defeat would have gotten easily .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I 'm wondering about the ship .
Who could wish that to do ?
Yet , the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , make you bold in every wave , the <unk> pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them , you would .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mother is here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the skies above , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epic `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when you <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior Indian warrior , he had thirst , and he would pull a bow and with a <unk> on the ground , he was able to water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we had was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that <unk> me so much .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I would tell you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed like technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
When I was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his silver <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that the mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent we all .
And we would promote our inspiration .
So I launched me , I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
<unk> books from the age of 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device that can connect to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how to take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
In many times , a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that comes to me .
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean , magicians and dragons , but to that childhood magic , those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in one jar always became exciting .
So here , we need to shift the iPad to liberate fireflies .
And indeed , they light up your way into what 's subtraction .
Another idea that I was fascinated with was a <unk> galaxy in a little bit .
So here , every book , and every single world becomes a little bit that I drag towards this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all fantasy books there have always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairy and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra of Indra for millennia , in an old old book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
It 's a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure in which you need to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
I had a lot of collections , and I had a lot of collections , of sticks , rocks , <unk> and shells .
For some reason , the kids do n't do it .
So to recover this ritual of childhood , you have to go out and , in a chapter , <unk> a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then fire .
So this is actually created a digital collection of pictures that then can be put on the Web .
A boy in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we had an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a cartoon group that comes up on the plants inside the house .
At a moment , the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you 're able to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go into a world where nature 's forces <unk> with technology and magic and technology is coming to one another .
They 're <unk> the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects they failed .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was a <unk> director .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or tea , and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the <unk> projects fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a switch on and off .
Every morning I get me .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect , sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> physician has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I needed assistance assistance or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I go up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure from peer pairs to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can help us move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From week next week being available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people are going to be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , give them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to control and to become captains , and it can also help us care because of the challenges that we face , like the firing of <unk> attention costs , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but also crowdsourcing it .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share that with you with a video .
We all have sailing navigation in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where computers are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find mobile food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get <unk> saves lives at this point .
What we did is crowdsourcing the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that : If you see a <unk> , please go to <unk> , where , and when it 's open , you can sometimes open up in office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an application for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use their cell phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also like <unk> .
And we wish to global level .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing center around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world who could help verify these <unk> .
You might be running messaging services , or telephone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows itself is still in place .
Please help us on this and not only improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share correspondent .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , it 's pictures that ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my previous passion , but it was a little different because when you use the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger go .
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start pressing the trigger .
Pictures like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it 's got an unexpected twist .
And , despite that , he keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful -- but with common target to keep the overall level .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something I can <unk> , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more about capturing an idea that I 'm using to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Did you get the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But at the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three perfectly imaginable objects , which we all can relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem to seem realistic , I think that they are those in which we do n't even think -- the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in combining photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will go on to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these pictures are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Secondly , the pictures have to have the same kind of light .
And these two pictures have been faced with these requirements , they were taken by the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of photographs of different places .
I think it 's easier to create a place to make a place to find it , because you do n't need to put the ideas in danger that has in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in the winter knew that I had several months to get them , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made a red side of the island at the top of the island for it more generally .
So to get a realistic result , I think you need planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different pictures .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , it can be very beautiful and <unk> .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram anyone who took from a mine folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's a analysis that we 've been doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other things we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a log scale .
In other words , every step of this represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
And I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's exactly what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity , because writing about paper .
Why do we do technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if I draw them on a normal curve in which , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any of the kind of technology that I 'd like to draw , the diagram would look ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be really silly , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens like this , it gives a qualitative change .
If the transportation technology as fast as microprocessors , last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go to that pace .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not still forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , I know , like this until something utterly different , or maybe something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what the world used to be , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is , what 's that new way you adopt the world ?
So why is the new state of running the world ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we are immersed in it .
I remember growing the future in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think you have to feel that something is happening .
So a transformation happens . We can feel it .
And we know it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all going to be so different that they extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So you go back a few 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a huge <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals going around .
If you look at the way that chemicals were organized , we give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that 's that , at the time , I 'd been floating out of a little bit of oxygen with all kinds of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil blobs had a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials out of the outside , and that 's the blobs , grew up growing up grew .
And they started to divide .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms ; those were in oil .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time they have divided an unequal distribution of the chemicals that held .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , drops that in some ways being better at the time of bringing the chemicals around ; they grew up more , they grew up more chemicals and more divided .
Generally they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry life , very simple , but things got interesting , interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways we do n't really understand these little guys , they learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so they could be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did for just fun -- now we can write things with this code .
So here I have 100 , white dust that I 'm trying to hide to the airport at the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and I 'll take it 10 at 22 times .
So if anyone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot to everyone in the room -- in fact , for every single person in the world and is here .
If it was a <unk> , it would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread it around the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy for another billion years .
But then there was another big interesting step in which things were very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , we evolved the resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to the communities that , in a way , they were together on that , and there was a synergy .
In that way to survive or failed them together , or whether a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community were taken more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up with so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe in the community board into a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are no longer acting alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart cell , or your muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , which we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that do n't do more than process information in community .
These are the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that are processing the information that these cellular communities have built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community as the <unk> structures , understanding and transmitting the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the period of evolutionary time .
So one organism could , for example , learn not to eat some piece of fruit because he knew it and got sick last time that ate it .
That could happen during the life of a given organism that had previously built these processing structures of information that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years to the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the fossil nervous system is the building of these information structures enormously by the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in time you need to learn .
But then of course , the individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea .
I 'm here sitting here and I 'm sitting here , and hopefully by building a similar , vague idea , in your head that holds some analogy to mine .
But we take something very complicated , we converted it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
Now we spend over periods of the similar periods of the multicellular organisms ; we abstract our process of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so forth , are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of history that told them about a billion years ago each other .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language etc. , took less than a million years .
And the following , like the electronics , seems to take a few decades .
The process goes off , I suppose , <unk> is the right word to name something that speeds up its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is feeds .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms I work for design would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me engineer in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we thought about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't , it gets far farther away and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes you use methods we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , your computer can run a hundred million instructions from random instructions ?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions , running all those programs , and take those that are more likely to get what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to tell you numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that you 're getting closer to order numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did it .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that would better do the task ?
They put those and <unk> them to the rest .
And now I mean the best they actually ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> in a process of analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , which are <unk> <unk> , and that children will make the properties of both programs .
So we 've got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
There were some mutations .
And it 's trying to try and try and try and test with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we ended up with programs that orders numbers absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
These are dark , strangers .
But they 've got to do it .
In fact , I have the security of the safety of the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
I once went on a 747 with laughter , and he gets a card and he says , `` Look at this .
It says : <unk> airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer a safe flight . ' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than the normal engineering .
But we do n't understand all the choices there are .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make much faster computers , and so they can run these programs much faster .
It is , it goes off .
The thing gets faster and faster , and I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the cell organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes the lunch , and I think stop here before I got <unk> .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I would spend time enough time for letting me give up a part of my fake prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's about going out `` <unk> the rules , '' he talks about statistics , and they 're trying to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know .
It 's called the <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , of a <unk> , which is about 300 .
That means <unk> bat <unk> , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball into the game of play without being stuck , and that anyone who tried to try to throw it out at the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 .
You know what you call a <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what you call a baseball ?
By the way , that 's somebody from 10 strokes , they hit four .
<unk> -- such as legendary Ted Williams , the last player at the League of <unk> 's League of <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to show this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis and they are derivatives to a surgeon who has also a <unk> record in <unk> .
That 's how it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries and her family physician gathers to a cardiologist that record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year .
And its hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of the hits of a cardiac surgeon or prosthetic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
A thousand , very good .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a medical doctor .
What we do , however , are sending me to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
I would never , ever , they made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I 'm going to do when he was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school said , Brian Goldman Sachs to a blood test .
That 's what .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of the General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching out of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the differential differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> <unk> .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very good ; I graduated with honor .
And it 's <unk> from the medical school with the impression that if you get everything , then would know everything , or as much as possible , close to all , because that 's what I would do about mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady .
I was a resident in a college hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to <unk> the emergency service where I worked .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when I applied a cardiologist to a cardiologist to a cardiologist .
And they report to the head of residents .
When I saw the lady , <unk> , I was turned .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and , instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these are <unk> of blood , and so there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on treatment that would give him .
I gave aspirin and medication to relieve your heart pressure .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt pretty good .
And that was when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
Actually , I made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't get up the phone and I did what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and <unk> with him for her to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring trained information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it to his house , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior , and I was like , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure to ask the nurse I was taking care of my lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think that 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance next with the ambulance houses took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad set in the stomach .
But I followed my job .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home , and I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency service on the road home .
And there 's another nurse , not the one I was taking care of the lady with before , but he said to me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the patients .
The three words are : Does you remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other nurse with utter naturally .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I returned to the edge of death .
After an hour of having come to their house , after I was able to give it the high , it was a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance ambulance came to the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a shock of severe .
It was barely breathing and blue .
<unk> staff will go through all their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put an artificial respirator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and waiting against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days after the next two days , it was obvious that I never got <unk> .
He had permanent brain damage .
The family gathered together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'll get into what was going on .
And the ninth day , they let her go . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
So the following weeks , I was amazed for that and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I sat down alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't afford them with your colleagues .
You make peace and never more make that mistake .
It 's that shame that you leave teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't because of my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'd put things to you , and I made sure that I do n't know .
And I kept making those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And at my worst moments , why made a stupid mistake ?
Why do I choose medicine ?
Shortly for that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And in a cloudy day , it opened up the sky , and he finally wondered , and I was going to wonder if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if you were to <unk> the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes , I would do over those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it 's going to happen .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I received a <unk> man with a pain on her throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He would give him penicillin and sent him to his house .
But as he ran to the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my guard shift , my boss asked to speak with me in his office .
And I made the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain on your throat ?
So he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for it at Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but the top air goes , and that can cause the close of those pathways .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
It was managed by antibiotics that are <unk> and recovered to a few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then she wondered me and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Twice in the same turn of the emergency room , do n't <unk> appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're heading at 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the bottom right and called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it .
I reviewed it , and then some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , called the surgeon .
They were both operated on .
But every case , I 'm devoured in , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes of the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful people have been for the last five years .
Just , ashamed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the voice I 'm telling you what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they did n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you will hear about the errors of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me that he would have a hard time to look at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The denial of total mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : those who make mistakes , and those who do n't , they ca n't sleep and the ones who do n't sleep , and the ones that have a great result of them .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you step back from medicine to the people who make mistakes , we will be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a personal study of bad medical litigation and failure to learn how possible , from the first article I wrote for the `` Star Toronto '' to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art '' )
And what I learned is that mistakes are a ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one in 10 drugs are <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where infection questioned are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 250,000 Canadians by preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is doubling every two or three years , and we do n't get <unk> .
Everything 's deprivation filled with everything .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with the chest pain .
Now , let 's take the patient with a chest pain , and you come from <unk> eyes and with breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden my story is <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the professionals ' professionals to error , well , you do n't get anybody .
What about people do n't want to talk about their more serious cases ?
In my program , `` White <unk> , black art , '' it 's already a custom to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' And I would say to everyone , from the ambulance guys to the head of heart surgery : `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah blah , blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? ''
And their students are <unk> , <unk> , to go down the head and crack saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You could say , `` Look , you did n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined physician is human , he knows human , they accept it , accepts , and it does n't be proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what happened to teach others .
They 're taking their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out other people 's mistakes , not with intention of <unk> , but in a loving and support way that all benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Goldman Sachs .
I 'm an redefined physician .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I strive to learn something that can convey to others .
I still do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose for a week ?
Recently , I did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose an American American , are about 70 to day .
It does n't do much , in a research , followed over a week in a group of firms in business .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they 're going to engage in making decisions with those tasks .
They found that on average , <unk> <unk> works a week .
Now , naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of their choices .
Do you know how many they belong to the <unk> category , and how many of the time for an hour ?
How does the shape that make those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice for options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , like I 'm blind , just raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please give a drift .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level , at least at that time was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we were taking water from the tap .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from tree trees .
I once decided to go to the manager , and I asked her , `` Does this really work this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came up every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had different classes .
<unk> a <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put out of six flavors , or about 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what do people have been willing to stop trying to try the jam ?
More people stopped when it was 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what 's more likely to buy a jellyfish pot .
So here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
From the ones I stood when I was six , we saw that 30 percent bought over .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six , that if they were born 24 .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy grades , you probably have a good job to preserve it , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices are affecting us in very momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this wo n't get us .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at savings on savings for a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested to see if the number of funding offers available to retirement savings plans , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had plans that went from two , up to 59 options .
We found that the larger number of funds used , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as I wanted .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation declined by the 50th 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , the more people will be rewarded for avoiding the actions or the investment funds .
As much more choices , they were more willing to invest in financial accounts .
But none of these extreme choices are the ones that we 're going to argue about to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that you make the decision , that the <unk> even when it goes against the self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , even though it objectively them better .
The main reason is that we were looking at that giant variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing show .
Today I want to show you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can test them in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , that less .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut , get rid of weird redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of <unk> & D , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Cat <unk> had eliminated the products for junk food , they became increased by 87 percent , for two causes : greater sales and lower costs .
You know , the supermarkets of today , on average , offer 45,000 products .
In a shop in Walmart , you have about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest shop in the world today is <unk> and offers just 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle the best options is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are actually stuck with a insurance fund .
They really want to pick , they 're offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask employees , `` Tell me the differences there are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell them , they ca n't do their clients . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on vacation to all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( A few claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept supply .
Are n't it more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , than in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more real .
Because the images were making them look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options ' problem , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very vividly , very concrete .
Why is people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , which when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were <unk> to an 401 plan .
And at that meeting , it 's exactly how you used , we did a little addition to it .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff who would think of the positive things that they would think of in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent , and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account , of four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , <unk> 's over the northeast row , the magazine show can contain from DARPA different and <unk> .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell them .
These are two jewelry displays .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , give you a drift .
Very few .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , give you a drift .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This rating scheme is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something to you who choose , not that defines it .
You often see this problem with those huge funds lists .
So why are you reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think about , if I just did it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; buy a car .
This is a German population of cars that allows you completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that give each one .
Color out of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor is Motor , changes ; four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where the decisions appear .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're always going to get the default button in every decision , this indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that are going from many options , put the button by the default and again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they go on there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order where information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to pick .
Although the pick of changes do n't say anything about the preferences of the <unk> , in all ways you make you to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the problem of options : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives -- <unk> , making it real ; we can handle it more categories with less choices ; we can use complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented them were designed to help manage the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful when you pick it .
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the 1980s , in communist Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to be able to get it to the government .
I had to register a piece of text from written with the machine .
And this for government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a spelled the wrong message , they could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that it would promote the freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having some yellow dots on each page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and a printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to get a lot of fun for this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If you look at what 's happening in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
The cybercriminals are .
Like Mr. <unk> <unk> in Kiev in Ukraine .
The phone of the cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , a huge amount of money .
There are really many cases in millionaires , billionaires , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their own online , but they do it by illegal media through banking trojans for stealing money from our accounts when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on a infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , he froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this realization had millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain goes off to change ; they do n't know their stop .
And I say that today 's more likely than any of us is the victim of a real crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong with worse .
In the future , most crimes are going on online .
The second group of failure in importance is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves , they motivate them , they motivate them to opinions , they motivate them to laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous has been <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous who do it for protest and the last group are the national state governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack on their own citizens .
<unk> is an authority screening authority , or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
<unk> the security of the site and carried it out of <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , asked one of the leaders if they could find the death of people from people to cause the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack on this ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except to intercept a foreign <unk> authority .
And that <unk> certified <unk> .
And in the case of <unk> , it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , Egypt , in Egypt , they looted the secret police headquarters in April of 2011 , and during the NYU of the building , they found many papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany , which had sold the Egyptian government tools for <unk> the communications of the country 's citizens .
They had sold this tool for 280 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , the Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But the Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you are suspect in a criminal case , well , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but actually it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're dealing with today , it will be forever .
<unk> blindly in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live in Kenya , in the south of London National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , the back , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences at most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
Let 's take our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed the night , and as soon as we got up in the morning , and we found him dead , I was very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and why we value them so much .
So I grew up hate a lot of lions .
They died , they 're warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think it 's so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were scared .
But I realized that actually does n't help , because they even helped the lions see the pen of a far away .
I did n't give up . He continued .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions so they believed that I was near the pen .
But male lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn on and turn the lights off .
And this is a little lamp of a rotates <unk> .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery , and the battery <unk> the electricity into the little <unk> box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lights <unk> .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And that 's how lions see it when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had problems with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and she asked me if I could put the lights on .
I said yes .
And I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed that in seven houses in my community , and they 're really serving up .
And my idea also used to be used now all over Kenya , to frightening other predators like hyena , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare elephants out of farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is helping to raise funding and <unk> .
And it even led my friends to my community and we set up lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , one year ago , it was just a kid in the meadows of the savanna <unk> my father 's cows , and he used to see planes fly , and he told me that someday would be within one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get the engineer of aviation and a pilot grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving cows from my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA : A fence ?
<unk> : I know that we 've already invented electrical fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So you 've got it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I got a couple because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon stand . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to <unk> in every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud of it .
In school , we would spend all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea until everything changed suddenly .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When I 'm going to do this , the five members of the family will never be in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're ready to die . ''
He was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering from my country .
In short time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A living woman was dead on the street , holding a kid in his arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine has risen in North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during hunger and only few survived eating grass , insects and bark .
They also became more and more prevalent the energy cuts , everything around me was completely in the dark at night except by the lights in the sea , barely crossing the river from my home .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite photo of North Korea in the night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is the boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to secretly join .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how salt North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of the famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought it would be separated from my family for the short time .
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as a refugee refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police , and I was arrested for the police station .
Somebody had accused me for being <unk> , then I would get my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it seemed natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an officer said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum .
But many people can be arrested by Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Though they had caught them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea , where they are tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all the world can make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was waiting for .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
Even through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with pride of me .
Although I was going to go to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the charity at university .
Just when I started to go back to my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authority authorities were sending some money that sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I began to plan out how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border with North Korea .
Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , in some way , for over 3,000 kilometers through China , and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and addressing a Chinese police officer .
He asked them the identification from all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I had to stand up and I told him that they were <unk> people who was accompanying them .
And I looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way down to the interspecies border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the illegally border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for free my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison at the distance of the embassy of South Korea .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or a voice of a man , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and no doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and other North Koreans .
I thank him with all my heart , and I said , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you . ''
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of little unknown to make a new hope for me and for the people that we needed when we needed it .
And I showed that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practice of English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with relatives still inside , and we 're sending information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans -- <unk> around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So planners of the city came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center for it to represent something else , so they changed the Los Angeles , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South Los Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , L.A. Center , home to the places of food to bring and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to get killed more people than the food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in L.A. Center .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this will happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of the house , you see the bad effects that the food system today has in their neighborhood ?
I see wheels and sold wheels and sold as cars .
I look at dialysis dialysis , like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of running 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was plant a forest of food in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet of 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. , Green <unk> , we get together and we started planting our forest of food , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group in advance composed of all the backgrounds , all of the city 's entire city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city has been wondering , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> made a warrant .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A <unk> order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
Now , L.A. Times had the written story by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a request in Change.org , with 900 firms , were a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> was even called to say they ate and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why do n't you ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> terrain .
It 's got 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's the equivalent of 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on the Earth does n't it look like this ?
It <unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars .
It 's my hymn when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I was going to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grew up culture .
As an artist 's artist , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let it be your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how they affect kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother and her daughter , were like the logos from the night and they were in my garden , and I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt wrong that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt embarrassed by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal them . ''
It 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at the time , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter to <unk> in the L.A. center .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared his stories about how this was affected , and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So , Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids were eating <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes and eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind people to put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're stuck . I see some color kids that are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids to be trained in their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a block from gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and honor of cultivating their own food , opening markets of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Have you to take your lunch right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not called me , you know , call me if you want to sit in a comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your lunch so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , in which it rains .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that goes on .
And especially if you 're riding on your bike and these cars , that 's not very nice .
Also , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to the cities , we 'd want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads from asphalt asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so the entire rain water flows sideways , and you have a road that 's easy to drive , and you do n't save water anymore .
Noise will disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is it ? See that on this road , rocks of the surface are coming out .
First of the stone , then several more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't hurt that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump into that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can really see how the damage appears in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , to the <unk> , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , will be <unk> , and if it shrinks , they will be <unk> and separate from <unk> .
So , if you drive down the road , you 'll take the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material , then you probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut up the steel wool in very small pieces , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we 've got asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , as you see here , that you use for cooking -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and rocks would get back to the surface .
Today , I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm now going to take to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
So we tried a lot of samples there and then the government really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So we gave us a piece of road , 400 feet away from the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane test to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We did age the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and then the lights then with our induction machine and the 1950s and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using energy to induction , actually , increase the life of the surface of the road , you can even double the life of the surface , and you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
In fact , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how it behaves .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening News in his little gray radio .
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times , because the news generally misses it .
`` The Taliban went off ! '' `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school . ''
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban stood in Afghanistan and made girls illegal to go to school .
For the next five years , I 'm going to show myself as a child to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be alone , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be educated .
Every day , we were taking a different route so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in the market bags so that we were shopping .
School was at a house , more than 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely warm in summer .
We all knew that we had our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Instead , school was suddenly closed for a week , because the praying Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew of us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and girls .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province of Afghanistan . <unk> in his daughter , my mother , outside to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my Harvard-educated mother became a master .
This is her .
He was taken two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk to not educate your kids .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated for our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can actually steal your money . You can please leave your house during a war .
But there is one thing that will always be with you , what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , you still want to not go on ? ''
I am 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find a proud of college at <unk> College .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from his home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to teach me .
He 's not only running out of my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who drove him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I 'm a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to tap into the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like my families , <unk> for them , even though they even face a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you your face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from the way from <unk> to his village , and literally , he escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice told him , if he kept sending his daughter to school , they would try to try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` I do n't harm the future of my daughter for your old daughter and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized about Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who are <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of their daughter and that she sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters brilliant , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , girls who went to school in hundreds -- remember , was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States .
I find Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes do n't last long , after the retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who would argue for them , that animate , I see a <unk> future and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day the girls ' girls are reminded me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against it .
But you will never go back a revolutionary <unk> . ''
They 've almost spent about two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the surge of mass <unk> so much of the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside the country to call a day of rage and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men who were <unk> were at the forefront , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying billboards for freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a little copy of the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
You 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses from about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the society .
Realizing from the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , along with many other women , rebuild the civil society , pushing a inclusive and right transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the age of Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for women 's <unk> range and for our right of involvement equal to building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in a <unk> environment , an environment that was getting more and more <unk> of the selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
And over time , our initiative was successful and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
Yet , the elation of elections and the revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news news .
So one day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of old mosques and Sufi graves .
The other day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day , we woke up with the news of the murder of official officers .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the militias government and their prostheses violations of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , we were made by a revolutionary thinking , became more <unk> , and it 's gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion and revenge , became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire our history of the success of `` <unk> list '' and elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we as a nation , we chose wrong , we made the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate brought brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society continue to keep polarized policies of dominance and exclusion , so much for men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than I needed elections , which is just <unk> polarization and division .
Our nation needs to be a qualitative representation of the female , which is what we 'd need to need the numerical and quantitative performance of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage , and I 'll call it for days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but also put in practice the mercy instead of revenge , the collaboration instead of the competition , the inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , shattered by the war , desperately desperately to reach the end of peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that tries the interrelationship and the <unk> between women 's perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that kind of an existential way before we can do it in the way .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- the peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- is <unk> the feminine and motherly , which involves all of the humanity that men and women , of which all tribes and all peoples have prescribed .
And so , just like the uterus covers the embryo completely , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion provides all the existence .
That 's how you say , `` My mercy bulb all things . ''
That 's what you 're like , `` My mercy on my anger . ''
They 're all <unk> the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the ones that everybody does : Why is she left ?
Why would anyone stay with a man who sticks her ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just been <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> American Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I create my twin soul , he was going to invite me with a pistol , charged with <unk> bullets .
The man , I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love , where every year millions of women fall over year , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in the English University of Harvard and I have an MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the list of the 500 , '' `` Fortune 500 '' -- and Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been married 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all the races , all of the races , all the religions , all the income levels , all the income levels .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent , and long duration or , said otherwise , in the families , the last place we would want , or we would expect to find violence ; why , domestic abuse , it 's so puzzling .
I 'd like to have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would sit with a man who sticks her , and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages , and more than 500 women and girls of that age were killed every year by couples , dating and husbands in the United States .
I also got a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night .
I was sitting on my side on the subway in New York City , and he started <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had had just taken out of a university of the Ivy League university , and he was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first encounter was it was smart and fun , and it seemed like a guy in the field .
He had some big <unk> as a apples , and a <unk> hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was creating the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple .
He did it all over the beginning of <unk> on a pedestal .
We started out and I loved everything of me : that it was ready , that he had gone to Harvard , who would put passion to help girls ' girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done it .
And it was why the bachelor 's at that Big school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is <unk> and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing that I wanted to do was I went from New York and leaving my dreams work , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my work and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love , who was entering a physical trap , financial and psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns go in .
As long as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to be so safe , it was so sure it was three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third time in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma to the trauma .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and I had never been lifted up my hand , my life was already serious danger , every single minute .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and he still had <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my girlfriend 's friend and married him .
In spite of what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily in forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very complementary .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that they form a family with me .
I had been an isolated accident , and I would never hurt me .
I spent twice in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost myself , and he gave me so hard in the head that I 'd <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , and he got bored by traffic and threw a Big Mac on the face .
<unk> continued to take a second or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was reminded when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Disease Control is the Disease Control that every year 15 million children are <unk> , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
To go back to my question : Why did I get ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him address their demons .
The other question everybody does is , why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of domestic violence occur after the victim will come to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to <unk> , risk of financial resources , and the family justice system for <unk> to the victim and their children , who are normally forced by judges to spend time not with the man who would advise their mother .
And we still keep asking why it 's simply not ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat beating up that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if I was allowed .
So I broke silence .
I told everybody about the world : the police , my neighbors and my friends and family and family strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` blame is yours for staying , '' as if the victims would come up in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` <unk> love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who had also escaped , who learned a worthless lesson from what happened to them , and that they will have their lives , lives joyful and happy lives as they use , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I became marrying a little cute and nice man , and we have those three kids .
I have that <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do again , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing to my head of someone who says he wants to .
At this point , they 're just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , how stupid it was , `` I 've actually been talking about you . ''
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they were <unk> , or they were <unk> , or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their sister , his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> abuse alone .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with their children , their friends , their friends and family .
Let 's take their vision from survivors as fantastic and charming people who have a full future .
We had the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe output .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call it Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like , right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have a dress like this , luckily , I brought up clothes to change .
This is the first change in clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women would get together , when I come up , you do n't have to do it now , but I 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what 's about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater , because it 's when they 're going to laugh for me , so do n't do anything while I cover your head .
All right .
Why do I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much like this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also <unk> .
I 've changed totally what they thought of me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
It was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that he would go back and get the hair 's hair .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for the work , there are very little that we can do to transform our way , which , as a <unk> and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my work sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in sincere form .
The first question is , how do you get to a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered , '' but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model of this is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , and womanhood and white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to leverage money .
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> <unk> that say , `` Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Sex .
First of all , the <unk> for knowing so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU , and the University of New York 's University , and of the <unk> models of it , and from the <unk> models , just 27 , it 's not white .
The next question that people always do is , could it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't take care of that .
But then , what I would really tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a safe <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you were the first .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yeah , my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing American magazine or an H director of H & M 's next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a role model , you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to prove to you all I 've learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike the <unk> surgery , can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , and you have a rsum , and some work on your backs , no matter what you say , that is to say , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model out of underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people are always asking me is if all the photos will be killed .
And yes , it 's pretty much <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first time that they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have a period of time .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a little girl .
This is how he looked at my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
So here I 'm at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They 're creations from a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they 're able to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , `` Are you doing things for free things ? ''
I 've got too many feet from 20 inches , and I never use , except the privilege I get is the ones I get in the real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up at Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the <unk> .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver ; it was a red light light , and of course , we stood up , and it took a sorry , agent to keep driving .
I kind of love these privilege of my mind , not so what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenage boys , the teenage Age were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black and Latino young people in New York , so for them , is n't a matter of <unk> ?
It 's about how many times ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that about 53 percent of the six-year-old girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure gets lifted up to 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and feel beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to be able to work with creative , resourceful , passionate people .
And that 's true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , you know , <unk> legs and the brighter hair will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brighter hair and the hottest clothing , but probably the women are physically insecure of the planet .
But mostly it was hard to look at a situation of race and gender oppression when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something that will retain this talk , I hope that everyone is more comfortable in recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since I hold a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I did n't go who he got them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum in the lighting .
In fact , most of those are taken out of random tourists .
My story begins when , meeting in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to come back to New York just a year later , so we decided to pull the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife said to me , why do n't you have <unk> to New York on a <unk> trip and you track the ritual ?
So here is when we start asking the tourists that they were going to bring us to the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a whole stranger is so universal .
No one has been denied , and , fortunately , no one has ever been involved with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much this journey would change .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is about a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old could understand it .
These pictures are far more than representations of a specific moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop the time on a week of October and make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always get the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything .
That time in particular that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking , when suddenly they were stopped , they were stopped , and he pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls that loved small on previous views .
And he described to me what had felt at five years of the foot in that same place .
<unk> who remembered their heart <unk> with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the one that pulls the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you do n't try to get closer to somebody and ask him , `` Can you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are found in the birds group more threatened .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know , applause , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct , and my favorite , the vultures have better presence . There are two kinds of rabbits on this planet .
There are the rabbits from the New World who are primarily in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the rabbits of the Old World , where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 people face a high risk of extinction .
So why do the rabbits are important ? First of all , provide vital ecological services .
It 's our gatherers of natural trash .
<unk> people to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria , they help absorb the anthrax that they would not be by them would spread and cause great losses to livestock and disease in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the carcasses take from three to four times more time in broken , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
The rabbits also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity store and , along with the king cobra , he <unk> the unit between the upper and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the <unk> god .
In the <unk> culture , they 're actually doing very important burials to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's nowhere to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a system of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at extreme threatened .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this venom against predators , and as a result , rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are in the endangered endangered list , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old , and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug <unk> like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned to veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs on the street in the dead of dead bodies , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up from Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of rabbits dead to serve <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel for different countries , so they focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating rabbits , about the need to appreciate these marvelous creatures and services that they provide .
How can they help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you can tell your time to spread the word . It 's going to be the word .
When you go out of this room , you would inform them on rabbits , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed his opinion , because he saw them fly without effort , without energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been molded for seven years of work for my youth in Africa .
From 1971 until 1977 . <unk> young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was really disturbed .
I thought , at the 21 , that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , all we played the <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we came up with Italian Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely wonderful valley that goes down to the <unk> river , and we teach them the local to grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were not at all who were at all interested in doing that , so they would get them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come to work , we were amazed that local people , in so fertile valley , had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible for us to do n't even say , `` Thank God we are here , '' `` Just in time to save people from Zambia of Zambia . ''
And of course , everything in Africa grew beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red ones , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> came out from the river , about 200 <unk> , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we were just Italians I commit to mistakes in Africa , but then , then , I saw what Americans were doing , what the English did , what they did the French , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
And we 'll see the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we would give to the <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Dead support '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the continent of Africa two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I wo n't tell you about the damage that the money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage that we 've done .
Westerners , we are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people only in two ways : or we punish them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
But they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anyone in a different culture as if they were , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if it was my servants .
That 's why white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' head .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for the whole economic development , if people do n't want to be helped to be helped .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference on the floor , and he said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years to only respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you 're never starting to , you become a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local passion who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you feel with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from the offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is most important .
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs will never stop , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't do it at their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work with one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the medical physician from the company , the family family physician , who establishes with you at home , at the kitchen table , in coffee , and it helps him find the resources to transform his passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing bin where we got to tell them what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I shut up and I heard them . '' So , the government says , `` Make it again . We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest entrepreneurial advisers in history , passed away to 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
<unk> is the kiss of the business of the business spirit .
So now , I 've got rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk to you .
You have to offer them , you have to offer them , you have to be fantastic when you help them , and then you 're going to come up , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you talk about this morning ?
passionate local people . That 's what you 've got to do .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , we 're at fossil fossils , manufacturing -- and a moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
The <unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we do that , we heal , we heal , we educate , we communicate , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable form .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution , the universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that was in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the developing year .
And in the developing year , they came together with this group of people , and I 'm going to talk about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out , if the population is keeping up to this rate , to move the population of New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses , would be impossible to address .
They were already focusing on manure . So , in terms of developing this dirty technology that 's going to come up with the life of New York .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> auto manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them to you .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk with you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated , enthusiastic service .
And then afterwards , you will have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never known a single human being in the world who can do , sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've been investigated and looked at the 100 cones of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' -- but the word `` us '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from an environment of small businesses in coffee houses , in bars together , what someone did for you , what somebody did for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who is asking you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you .
Well , can you sell you ? Can you get the money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like looking for somebody to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us from many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't know a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrowing more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do I share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do you share more our hopes for the cows stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief to the giant <unk> , which gives shadow of lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade in New Orleans , there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures of the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties in the U.S .
I live near this house , and I thought how could turn it into a rather nice space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
He was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was a sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this gave me a profound gratitude of living in time .
It gave a clarity to the significant things about my life today .
But I 'm going to be able to keep this look at my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to be catching up the day and forgetting the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends , I transformed the wall of this house left on a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete , `` Before I die , I want to ... ''
So , luckily , I could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was full , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be court for piracy . '' `` Before we die , I want to sit on the date of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before we died , I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
Before I died , I want to get more time again . ''
Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
So this abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh with laughter , and I was laughing , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about giving the reflection and contemplation , and remembering what 's most important to us as we grow and changed .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit , and they have now done walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express each other and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways of preserving the perspective and remembering that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that will make us more power .
And if you think about death , we 'll think of our life .
Our shared spaces may actually reflect what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope , fears and stories , people around us are not only able to help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't speak , but it 's transmitting joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It loves what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences in this : I 've never lied .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to say to the words that I could n't even remind me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
But it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year I went out of one of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we had when I was four years old , sat in my arm during my arm during the first episode of the Lady Gaga birthday .
Would n't you like that amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit to the concept of normal , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what led to my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although you would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term autism , it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning , and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself differently , from there that 's so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is being diagnosed with a new case of autism , and yet it 's one of the development disorders that faster increases in the world , there is no cause to cure known .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When we spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
<unk> lived in his own world , with their own rules , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between average .
As I was growing up , it became more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond firefighters , frustration and hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure and innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family , moments in which I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things I would n't want to change for normal .
The normal happens by high beauty that give us the differences , and the fact that it does n't mean that some of them are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could put one single thing to <unk> and to Sam , you do n't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift , each of us has a gift inside , and honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what must have been Alice at the country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who would give a class of communication to engineering students .
And I was scared . It 's really afraid of these students with their great minds , their great books and their big , unknown words .
But when those conversations develop , I felt what Alicia should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just like that , I sat when I had those conversations with students , and it surprised me the ideas they had , and I wanted them to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to the health and care of health care , and if we do n't know about this , work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and the engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
Let 's argue why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just that they study <unk> , but they study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care of the jargon .
The lingo is a hurdle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't you say , `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same thing as stupid .
On the contrary , as Einstein said , everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One of the things to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways to turn them into their content .
And by presenting their work , forget the signs of `` bullet . ''
Have you ever wondered why they call bullets ? What do the bullets do ? bullets kill , and kill your presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's also supporting too much in the language of our brain and engulfs .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then give them graphs that we will respond to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what describes it .
I think these are just some key ones that can help the rest of them open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when they solved this equation , all of the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds pretty good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` politician . ''
Even though there was a journalism editor in the 19th century that defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is the one who 's looking for a <unk> public charge , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what <unk> means .
One thing to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that the words are the foundation in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote newspapers quote the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who was confronted by Parliament .
He put him in the London Tower in London , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and at the end he had such popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first record of the phrase , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Most of you think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for a freedom advocate of speech .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This is <unk> in Congress for a long time .
All kinds of suggestions were introduced to have been presented .
Some wanted to call him `` Chief of State Washington , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and others , `` <unk> from the U.S. People 's <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And not even with it they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a given term .
And it could have served .
Everybody got tired of it , because this debate will spread for three weeks .
I read the journal of a poor Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay , and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want to be able to be able to die of power .
They did n't want to call it `` King if I was giving him or his successor to him . ''
So , they wanted to give the most modest title , plus insignificant and more unfortunate than it happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . I existed before , but it just meant `` somebody who 's going to be a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were little colonial presidents of small colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really a trivial title .
And that 's why the Senate was stuck .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who will you really take a very ridiculous , insignificant title as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give up .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite one to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been involved by the title of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to go there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible that we 're going to keep waiting for more for years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the American title of America does n't sound so modest today , right ?
And especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of <unk> air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has seen the title of <unk> .
So in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their <unk> title .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity at the time .
But , you know how many nations are now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to be humble to feel humble , when you tell them that they are now the President of the <unk> .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and what I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , really changes the words much more than what these might actually change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male male and stones nights with primitive tools .
Like others , I 've got a cheap light lamp with <unk> light attached to the head with this <unk> elastic elastic , and I can barely tell the <unk> branches that hold the walls of the subway that falls hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I ran my hand , and all of a sudden I remember a miner that I met before , who lost the control , and she fell to countless feet in that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are deep in that hole , their lives without paying or reward , and often dying .
I walked out of that hole and I went home , but they may never , because they 're prey from slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> on Vancouver 's Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met an integral to <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that is happening to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started to learn about slavery because I knew it exists in the world , but not as a degree .
When we finished talking , I was really embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know it ?
He got a knot to me , and , after weeks , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> , ' and offer my help .
This is how I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even considered my second home .
But this time , I 'd look at dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of Africans all over this matter of <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave farmer was about three times the annual wage of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
And yet , today , you can deflect entire families for generations by $ 18 dollars .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits over $ 13,000 dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by false promises of good education and better work to find out that they 're forced to work without paying , under the threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
The slavery is working on trade : goods produced by slaves , they have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
Energy exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This strange , <unk> show was like entering the old Egypt , or at Thanksgiving .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees Fahrenheit , men , women , children , in fact , entire families , in fact , extended families in a heavy overcoat <unk> blob in their heads , until 18 at the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
They were <unk> by monotony , doing this task over and over 16 17 hours a day .
There were no time to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it even quite inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , and he stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a very better treatment for these people .
Back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly caught me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that I demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer them any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> ' and work within the system for their release and trusted .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids hauling rocks for miles on mountain land to trucks that were waiting for the bottom .
Those big pieces were heavier than the children who wore them and the kids hold her to their heads with homemade straps , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something as overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves and they work 16 17 hours a day without <unk> because this has been all their life .
They have nothing to compare to .
When these villagers were beaten their freedom , the <unk> they had completely dry their houses .
When you hear the word slavery , we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with safety in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously been known to sex .
It took me a little bit of a <unk> stairs that would give this dirty basement , dim light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , they 're local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slavery would be with their girls and children , some of the age of only seven -- are forced to entertain customers and help them buy more food and alcohol .
Each set is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted number on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their clients .
From standing in the dusk , I remember a sharp fear fear of it and , in that moment , I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I entered .
There was no back doors .
There were no big windows to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a topic that is so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans sold every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles is another activity that often relate to the slave labor .
I visited Indian villages where they had entire families <unk> in the silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red from their children .
<unk> <unk> in these great barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to the elbows , but that 's toxic it 's toxic .
My performer told me their stories .
`` We have no freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children join in Lake Volta 's lake , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishing family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their families who are missing , and they were forced to work with extensive <unk> in these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This kid is eight years old .
When our boat came up to him , he was shaking , that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
<unk> branches of trees submerged in Lake Volta often trap networks and children , <unk> and scared , are thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drowned .
Of course , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his love , it 's not going to flee and , like all of life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> comes to the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , and they had the last networks , but they had been working from one .
It 's a cold and windy night .
And it takes to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a fishermen village .
I met him in a shelter in which I was holding the <unk> ' victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes is possible .
Who will be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
They went through a road in Ghana with the partners of <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with their motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to take it on a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we got away from the car , and he asked the driver to go out quickly .
Then he pointed out this barely visible path , and he said , `` This is the way , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took off the <unk> , and after walking about an hour , we found that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of the photos on my head as they were <unk> in these waters .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
A lot of women had babies strapped on their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked in poison waters .
The mercury uses in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were sort of immersed in their own sweat .
I remember looked at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
And the pits are up to 90 feet , and these people have got heavy stone bags that then they will be shipped to another area where they were able to get the stone to be able to get the gold .
To the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but , if you look closer down , you see , we see the other less fortunate , and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis , and the poisoning for mercury through a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , she took him to work with him in mines .
When she died his uncle , he <unk> his uncle 's debt to what force will be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the 14th mines and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors were saying it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet , he 's dreaming of being released and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a remote possibility , which gives me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light over slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we will become testimony of them , and we will make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not about magazines . They 're people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I happen to do not think about these so many beautiful , <unk> people , who I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images show a force in whom you see , in people like you , and I hope that force turns on a fire , and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom you do : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'll try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But ballet demand an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of dexterity and probably a certain <unk> <unk> that you can have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> who , in his time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , it 's been a lot of progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in objective ways , and ultimately , the only way we know if there really is a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> metric .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement , there are no biological markers , and so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurologic neurological test .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of clinical trials , they never do . It 's never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could get the exam themselves ?
They do n't need staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do is , what I want to do is not conventional to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal cords .
It shows someone healthy while it makes sounds , we can imagine as a dance of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Think about time that he takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom line , you can see an example of irregular shake from the vocal cords of the vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
shake vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes warmer and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
It 's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but in addition , these tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They 're doing very quickly , they 're about 30 seconds like a lot .
They 're minimal cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low , it appears to scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the <unk> problems of patients .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
<unk> monitoring , we could get some targets .
We could do <unk> mass recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable at a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have accessible local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Any one , with no Parkinson 's , it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say , 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What will you pull from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is , during the call you have to tell if you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not get over . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> the factors of confusion to look for the real markers of the disease .
TR : So are 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now he has shown that it works on mobile telephony , also , what we 're going to do is , you know , the project that we 're going to do . Now we have a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We 're hiding in the dark , on no windows and , usually , we avoid sunlight .
We make thin thin models , the perfect skin still even more perfect , possible , possible , and we got into the press all the time , but some of us are really passionate about talent with many years of experience and a real taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that was happening in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where I was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small <unk> village in the <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first people affected the wave .
The <unk> water level peaked , over three feet tall and over three kilometers in the inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the waterways and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We removed the mud and we leave the smart houses to be new and <unk> .
We removed tons and tons of dead fish , kind of smelly , cooling up the local factory .
We <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and <unk> albums and cameras and card cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of the peoples around the <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were running the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the town .
It helped clean the bathrooms to the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the town where the center of saving pick up the photos .
I had the honor and I had the honor of that day to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , and I had heard the expression beyond the horizons , but it was n't until beyond myself my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the pictures , I found some who had over a hundred years , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't avoid thinking how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started experimenting with the pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too polarized , but where the water had gotten into the face of the girl , I had to keep it up with a lot of precision and then .
In the other way , that little girl would n't look like her , and that would be as tragic as having the photo photo .
Over time , they came for a lot more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so it was that I walked back into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who were joining together .
In Japan , in July , we are <unk> to <unk> , a <unk> town to <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the libraries that they had set up , where people were going to reclaim their pictures .
The time that he took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could be an hour . It could take weeks for weeks .
She could make months .
This <unk> had to be drawing as much as a hand , using the areas that color and detail the water had not destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all of these pictures sort of salt water , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of it with the step of time continue to be <unk> , so <unk> was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have the guide to a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm the photos already damaged .
As he once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman brought us kind of lucky to the photos .
He had started <unk> himself , but they stopped to realize that they would be even further .
I also had plenty .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to put the images in a single picture and tweaking the whole picture .
When I picked up his pictures , he shared something about his story with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble far away from where their house was , but their colleagues recognized that .
The tsunami day , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the fake sound .
Your small kids , not so small now , but their two kids were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
It took a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her her pictures his youngest son 14 years old .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to , something that he could remember from the past he would not have been beaten by the day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up with hundreds of them helped us clean up over 11,000 photographs , the vast majority -- the vast majority of them came back to the hands of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us bring back to 90 families hundreds of <unk> photos and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend over 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing we would go back to look for .
This was what the project was , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give back to somebody else 's connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the lives of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , and I 'll give you something bigger , using their talent for something that are not perfect skin models .
I 'd like to read this email , I 'd like to read this email , Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While I could n't avoid thinking about the people and the stories shown in the images .
And one in particular , a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to the little girl , gathering around a baby , was moved , because a similar picture of my grandmother my grandmother , my mother , I and my daughter 's newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all the very few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet coming through an apple in an exhibition for just a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not for a million or a billion , but one billion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> , a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or look at the body of the body without using X-rays , and it 's really challenging the idea of the camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it on and turn it back into a second or a second , you 're going to create a <unk> package of just a millimeter wide .
And that little packet of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a regular bullet .
If we take that bullet and this <unk> pack and fire in this bottle , how do those photons spread inside this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember , that all happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel to .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't take this research . They 're going to be a lot of things in this film ; it 's going to take this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet goes into the bottle with a little bit of photons that starts to go through and that , inside , starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally get to the cap and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside it .
In that time , waves travel through the table and because of the reflections of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a normal and current bullet and make it run the same distance and we see it in motion slow to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us sit up to see that film ?
A week ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet movement .
And what about trying to test with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that you fall from the table , the tomato and the bottom line .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , in a <unk> , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll realize that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's bright . It does n't go dark .
Why ? Because tomato is ripe and light bounces inside and it comes back after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
Like photographers , you know , if we take a low exhibition , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that photons package , millions of times , and we recorded over and over and over again with very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all those raw data in the raw data , and it 's really interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light over the door , and you can go into the room , a part of it 's going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
We could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature <unk> .
And a tiny fraction of the photons go back to the camera , but interestingly , at moments slightly different .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to how far .
By projecting a laser , you can record a picture in gross gross , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 're going to take a lot of images like this , tens of images , and we 're going to try to analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in the dangerous conditions looking at the reflected light through the windows .
Or we could build <unk> , able to see the inside of the body , through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of that next generation .
So as a <unk> Doc , he himself was a scientist , he turned science into art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific views , but we can see that we can see that we can see .
create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's a lot of fun here .
If you look at the waves underneath the cap , these are just coming from us .
<unk> should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved this image .
The order where events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera .
We 're going to have the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and give you an individual freedom .
With a mobile mobile , it can be a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , put it to <unk> and make them famous .
All of this is possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that time , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people gathering that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who from exposure have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , you know !
<unk> . A Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , from my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
Data in raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U . <unk> .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider , has to store a whole range of information from users .
Who calls it , who 's sent an email to who .
Who sends a text to whom .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company or his Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone phone and the Internet providers , stored all of this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , they all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of us even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police secret of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time I use mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , which at that time was the largest mobile phone company in Germany , which please give me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I was n't a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So I decided to make a lawsuit on a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we do n't give this information .
At the end we signed an agreement .
They were taking the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German Court Court failed the <unk> for German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> <unk> information .
At first I saw them and I said , well , it 's a huge file . OK .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
I was a bit skeptical , what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I spend the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a <unk> visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom away , go backwards and go forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to break it on the train to <unk> , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call me among them .
And then you call it the other one , and then you end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who is email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and , if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The Berlin Wall would never have happened .
And , in a consequence , it 's not the fall of the <unk> .
Because today , state agencies , and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to help them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital era is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and that 's not happened .
When you go home , tell them the representative of it just because business and state agencies can be able to store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store of you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me into the world .
I 'm going to go back to my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , and that 's why I get all the time .
Look at it .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
The C. C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> , it ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just due to accidents , as I was born at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It 's wrong for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , you 're in the mall , you 're looking for parking looks and what you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little limp ? ''
In addition , I 'm going to tell you , I have 99 problems , and the C. C is just one of them .
There was a oppression of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I am from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` ca n't . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You know [ cannon ] , you can dance to <unk> . ''
If my three <unk> sisters , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents were going to the school system , and they would argue that I was too , and we did n't take all the last note , all of my mother took it out of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk at five years putting my toes in his feet and simply walking .
Another tactic that I used was just a dollar in front of me so that I was <unk> .
The <unk> I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who has received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians thought appropriate to use `` I hate Muslims '' as a campaign slogan .
The people that I grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of <unk> that died of hunger during the <unk> .
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating three months without eating , so fast from dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with a heel , whatever I can walk with a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were using heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I was going through my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we got to Madonna .
On the summer vacation , my father often tried to <unk> , so I would drink of deer , put them warm cups , put me warm cups , put me back to the Dead Sea , and I remember the water , I burn my eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I must say that it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on my head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital General .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a grant to the <unk> , University of Arizona , because I would come in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the other <unk> tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers cried .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called very slow in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I 'll finally have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Free ! Free !
Thank you to God all-powerful , I 'm going to be free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> running to the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , asked why , and she said to me because they thought I could n't do the stunt stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunt stunts , neither can the character . ''
He was a paper that was literally born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a history of <unk> actors with no disabled for disabled roles .
When I graduated home , I went back home , and my first tour tour , it was like extra on a vacuum .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` mate '' to `` best friend crazy . ''
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , and it was n't going to look at me more than the back of the back , and it was obvious to me that the <unk> workers do n't know <unk> , not white , with disability .
They only give you perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Steven Goldberg , Roseanne , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made it <unk> .
And on my first tour , I took famous comic from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedian that he took when he fell into the realization that he was at high speed on the freeway of New Jersey with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across clubs , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , no censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little unpleasant sound that says that women are not fun , and they 're really fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York <unk> Festival , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at the time you remind them of <unk> , which <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> to the Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of disability 's stigma .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to the news program for cable news with Keith <unk> .
I went in as if it was to a graduation dance , I got to a studio and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I clung to my presenter 's desk to not come out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was blood .
I finally had my opportunity and the <unk> , I knew I would n't go back to having me .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to inviting me , but I was just like I was <unk> full-time and hit my chair .
Something else that I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that the people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me nor a girl or girl .
All of a sudden , my disability on the Internet became fun .
I would see online clips on a comments like , `` Why are you shaking ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> .
What 's the disease ?
We really should pray for her . ''
A reviewer suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum , writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- Yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that <unk> less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My clock has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet by the University Susan <unk> , and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and work with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs 've gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in <unk> 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> Children , '' a charity to give the Palestinian refugee children a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live alive , and I 'm doing this talk to her memory .
You die in peace .
I call <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know your story .
He lives in a small town in the South of <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> propels the small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without it there , it 's going to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no prospects of future .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you read about a man who offers him to take him for lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He meets a dynamic of people , who gives you a break .
It gets a little bit of money for you to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They presented a young man .
Finally , you get home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a bomb .
That child with the dreams of the great city was suicide bombers , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to Qaeda .
So how do the story of a young village of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting to start your future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing to get him out of what we call `` the Wait period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban urban young that <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , which are looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For the young , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of the five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the gateway to terrorism , the gateway to terrorism , to the gangs , to be the story of 2.0 cities .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young is unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it does n't go to school .
They do n't really do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in that hospital <unk> , thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if he would have forced me to be in that same `` hope period '' ?
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders at a corporate summit .
They took about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a <unk> of ideas about solutions to the great challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking at people like it .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach the point A is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed completely the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
It started an motorcycles company .
She started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally did n't get them .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point expand to hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this different story ?
What does this different story do ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit of business , and I believe that the business spirit can be the most powerful tool for the waiting period .
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities they 're looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping a few of the young people at the top of the entrepreneurial initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came up , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were sent from plastic sent from abroad .
If you got to somebody , `` When was the last time you saw flowers as cool flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a floral <unk> company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing tulips and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the companies in the city , and now he 's working in creating the first public park at 22 years .
There is no public parks in <unk> .
She wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , as he says , smell the pink roses .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on the young .
They had never thought of starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that they could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They were doing business solutions for local problems .
So , to inspire young people and create a business of corporate spirit , is really a great step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and put them in place .
They encourage young people with the resources they need , they support the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create catalysts for urban growth .
For me , the spirit spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His name is <unk> , so it 's how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep motorcycles for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : They 'll become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
<unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and it wo n't be the way we were still , almost to pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with view of a beautiful lens when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , from about four square feet with the hearts of rotten warheads balls of aluminum paper balls , and elderly .
And I was <unk> , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> who were too lazy to pull out what they had brought in , who thought he was going to clean up their trash ?
That question followed me , and it was made sort of stupid .
Who cleans our trash ?
No matter how <unk> or where do we <unk> the `` our '' in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , because 11,000 tons of waste waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to tell you as individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work does .
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
And I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectory and I interviewed people in offices and installations all over the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go into more .
So I started working like garbage trash .
Now , I did n't simply travel in the trucks . I had them .
And it operated on mechanical mechanics and bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as they believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs a lot about getting used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies continue to get the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of Statistics <unk> , waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and coming into traffic all day , and they pass through you .
They just want to be <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about relentless garbage .
When you get out of <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you see that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
It never leaves coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It 's always going to be moving .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that the stigma is particularly ironic , because I strongly believe that waste gatherers are the most important workforce in the city streets , for three reasons .
They are the first protective policies of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective , every day , this starts to <unk> out of its containers and its peril inherent is in very real ways .
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back to sprout and start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have a space for what 's new , so the engines of economics start to fail when it is in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing up your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average every needed every necessary .
I mean , I mean , just at the speed that we used to move into contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about , and we do n't care about it , and we cleaned up , or we take our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use it , we just drop them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that was made of it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about waste collection that maybe helps to reduce the stigma and make it up in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , in terms of <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to do it .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us against ourselves , of our own waste , our own waste , and that flow should always be able to stay one way or another .
One day after 9/11 , 2001 , I listened to a waste collection of waste on the street , grabbed my little son and down the stairs running the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as I did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank her work that particular day , but I started to cry .
And she looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started to do the collection of waste , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times and we made good friends .
I want to believe that it was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we have a species to include and have to account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think about when we 're talking about junk , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next to see somebody whose work is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell them , thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community lives , where architecture is born naturally about conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects I brought two recent projects of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis of different perspectives are becoming an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa in the capital of Ethiopia .
This is the kind of building that we showed us as an example , and my team and I , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores that people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin lining generates heat inside , so you have a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should not happen because it 's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year .
And thirdly , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia .
It 's a while for a place that is so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old market that is this <unk> structure , where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , of several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to survey the site , which is located in an area of much growth in the city , where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets they 're not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , including all the entries in the building .
And this spreads up with an inclined atrium that creates a space to the open air in the building that will be <unk> , for its own shape , of the sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on each floor because of the space form .
I also thought , how do I close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that <unk> the local weather conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a <unk> shell to allow the air into the air , and also of the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons on the dresses .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little unhealthy pieces that are the windows that let the air pass and the light in a controlled way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals that use light from the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the mall , because they had more local people to sell .
And then the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no necessary to have air-conditioning .
So we got certain savings on the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a big advantage putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which are collected water for the inner toilets .
It 's expected for the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartment and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest thing I 've designed , it needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention to the <unk> , a $ 1,000 structure that was surrounded by a wall with 12 doors of access to the full straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets , creating 12 early blocks similar in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots relative to the idea of the <unk> doors with straight lines , and that changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in <unk> climate ?
And it 's straightforward , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So you have a scheme that make sure most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the plant , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density at higher levels and lower density on the plant .
And it turns out this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving the community to the busy space of the space .
It 's where all the neighbors are , they can go up and socialize , and make activities such as a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities , literally .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in life of people changes the communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature to people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had great amounts of hair that had very bright hair and a little crayons of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the state capitals , very good for <unk> .
And I ended that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I got my sinister sinister plan .
One day I stayed up after the school coming out of school , was a little late , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , salt , I walked into the classroom , took off the table of my master 's book .
And then , I did .
<unk> the ratings of my rival , just a little bit .
All right . And I organized the book back to the crate , but I got to see , some of my other partners had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , it 's <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all rows of <unk> and myself a row from this way , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt good for doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got stuck .
It 's that it was all <unk> .
I never discovered .
But above all , I would tell me the reason why I was bothered by this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I do n't have jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also the primates . The birds are very likely to do it .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will observe loneliness , or long-term duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to the fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory where jealousy are in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was n't jealousy , <unk> would have either literature .
Well , there would be no footnote , there would be `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , no `` <unk> and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
We were able to get the lists of <unk> from high school , because we would be losing `` Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' or `` Party . '' We 're going to lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost they have all .
This year you get 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In search of lost time , '' the most comprehensive sex study , and also from ordinary competitiveness , mine , all we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , really , really ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forget how hard that image is .
We forget how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were so hard as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know what the cat cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're so good together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious , as jealousy , who are reduced to the person , their wish , to their impediments , are a very hard foundation .
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they are designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
Coal makes us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure might give pleasure to the other , maybe right now . ''
And you start saying to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds up to its collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , suffering of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
Coal is <unk> .
It 's an emotion hungry . You have to power them .
And how are jealousy ?
<unk> are <unk> from information .
<unk> use the details .
Play them like great quantities of bright hair and the nice little pencil <unk> .
<unk> were <unk> from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links with the <unk> language with jealousy .
When <unk> is in its agony of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then it defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are seen <unk> , and they make us seem <unk> , but at the point , they 're search for knowledge , search of truth , a painful truth . In fact , the more painful , the better one .
The pain , humiliation , the loss of loss : These are the pathways to the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , it causes us on a range of much deeper feelings and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves from this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aggression , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at the intensity so peculiar ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young young man who was being used with the idea that his woman was doing it .
And Freud said that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get into what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent . Everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , <unk> behaviors .
Do you get too much , or do n't they accidentally match a man ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels described very well , how jealousy do they make us look at intensity but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous of us are , the more we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
jealousy drives us to behave in fully <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan at 52 years was captured by being created by having created a fake account on Facebook since he was sending <unk> messages , horrible to itself , for a year .
For a year . Every year .
She was trying to <unk> the new boyfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I was , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character in the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that deal with how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what might be , can be a chance at a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to <unk> , or want what you 've ever got to take your self and get you from what you ever had , and it 's under the floor , `` <unk> , '' and `` <unk> your name , '' and it takes your rings , cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you to everyone , as much as I would like .
It 's a pity , because we live in envy times .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social media , where is the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the exit ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're to a mystery .
Let 's go to Baker Street and ask questions for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think of Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been writing [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head face of rat 's face of <unk> Scotland that 's needed desperately , it needs Holmes ' genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but it 's <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness , every one of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of <unk> '' , once you know , <unk> up to all with his solution , <unk> it back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in <unk> Scotland that does n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes rushed in the story . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , no emotion .
You know , in a minute overheard , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they 're the next minute .
All of a sudden , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to give them the excellence of the other .
We can <unk> them .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction to make it .
It 's just the fiction fiction .
fiction used you , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it , the sweet <unk> , the terrifying <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the himself Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the underside of the Apollo 11 and declined about the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in gray surface gray was the culmination of a collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the U.S. history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people work and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew one .
But before the Apollo Apollo program <unk> , 24 men traveled to the moon .
He walked on the surface of the surface of which Aldrin Aldrin followed after the death of Armstrong 's death , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of a turn : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of meaning and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were , because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the Kennedy words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy said , `` Why is the moon ? ''
Why do it turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why do I scale up the top mountain ?
So 35 years ago , why will fly over the Atlantic ?
Why do he play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West over the east in the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was wonder to the transcendence of technology powers .
It was because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , <unk> polio and eliminated the smallpox .
The technology seemed to have what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing ship , but in 1969 , the crew of Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has back to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the crew of the Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated by looking at that problems that we imagined technology will solve as going to Mars , to create clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to have a intractable result .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 !
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you did n't look at the <unk> escape tube of the rocket Saturn V V .
I knew that this would be the last parent 's last mission , but I was completely sure that I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that `` something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here , at TED .
It looks as if the technologists would have found us and enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't affect the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's an explanation explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have been created by less ambitious companies that were <unk> from the years where Intel was going on , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the ones , in concrete , the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused by ideas that were changing by funding for incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their high point , not caring at risk , small investments , small investments , small investments that could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with the benefit in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital , and whose development is long-term , has never invested in the development of dedicated technologies to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would take a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the global energy consumption came from sources of renewable energy like solar , wind and <unk> , less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete at price . There do n't exist .
Now , technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policy and international treaties have <unk> the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and development development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see today an American energy policy or treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , not to be .
We know for a time that famines are a result of failure in the direction of food .
But 30 years of research have been taught that famines are political crisis that affect <unk> food distribution .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and supply systems , but there will be famine while there were bad governments .
Finally , the big problems sometimes <unk> a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared his war in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many types of cancer , some <unk> hard to treatment , and only in the last 10 years they seem to have been finding effective treatments and viable treatments .
Hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions need to support the solution ; it 's really about a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , which is with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is n't a <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who will <unk> the difficult and dangerous thing , and there 's no other popular science mythology as we 're trying to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And it really was n't even address any problem .
We 're alone in our present present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we do n't get the challenges missing .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin to start with the ultimate ideas that are about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there has been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very generalized belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should recover the confidence .
I think the claim , the target and the task have been wrong played .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim : why do people think that trust has declined ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'm going to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions , and that might have grown up in others .
I 'm not sure .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that the confidence has dropped .
When you look at the opinion polls over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were going to spend 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspiring the same .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What recorded opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you see is some killer attitudes that manifests people when they ask certain questions .
Do you trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if anybody would ask you , `` Do you get into <unk> ?
Did you go into the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary school teachers ?
I probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very crude response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well I trust some of them , but in others not . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a different way .
We do n't assume that the level of confidence we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , a officer or a person , is going to become uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain master 's degree I know to give you the class class , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why do we leave the whole knowledge when we think about trust confidence ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to make them the good judgment in fact that we can trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
I think it 's a stupid target .
It 's not the target that I <unk> .
I would join you more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is n't .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to trust what it 's not trustworthy .
And I believe that those people who had their savings with the very rightly rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , and I think , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not a intelligent target in this life .
Presumably , whether it manifests intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What this is about making a judgment of how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think that we can do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they responsible ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in <unk> materials , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I do n't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're getting their own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends to be competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If you do n't , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before it .
Design is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've been trying to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that make us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paperwork that I 'm going to live in . ''
And we find the same problem in all our public life , and the system of accountability that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually making the opposite .
What they do is a little bit of work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that they 're taking the boxes , as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know examples .
Everything , all of that , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we were trying to be worthy of trust , and we will tell people that we are trustworthy and if we try to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , the attitudes , which is not done properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the confidence .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the bases enough to be trusted .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to give you proof evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , it does the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where my socks buy my socks , I can put them with no explanation .
I take them and give me the money , or you change it for the color I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other side , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So in the end , I think what we 're aiming for is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working on to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been going down , increasingly , and more , to that point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there was no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First of all , I created this tool that looks into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to the pixels .
Designers can determine their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So with this tool , you break down the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the National Science division of Microsoft , along with my <unk> <unk> mentor , <unk> the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital workplace .
So I combined a transparent set of cameras on it to detect your fingers and your face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab the pixels directly with the hands .
As windows and files have a location in real space , it 's just as easy as taking a wall on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and point out the lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's below each floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and we make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us will afford , and I returned things for the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or clear when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would the future be like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> collaborator , we created this only physical pixel .
So this <unk> magnet is like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation , and mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we released it out of the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and get back to reproduce , and they 're always in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance , and the famous one is from Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality as the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the computer physics is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us with no that we have to move out of our world .
We started today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to become <unk> for me for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to join a school for athletes with all the payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After they survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed that there was only one path to happiness : a safe job and good job .
No matter whether the job I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to begin to start <unk> from very young , to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I was able to go to the opera school .
I did n't write to the director of school and the host of a radio program .
But no adult would get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too higher to train .
My dream will never come to work .
<unk> , that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look at another calling .
Nobody to me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> the books .
[ `` Tomorrow 's <unk> '' from <unk> -- aka Nature 's <unk> -- I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that are here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese lives .
And it 's not <unk> propaganda . It 's not convenient .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to go out of this quote from this <unk> trap and <unk> the relationship with my parents .
I meet a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
We 're going to have a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me outside , because this is what students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
Space reading is not a new thing .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are up to research camps as comparative religion and comparative religion .
Compare and contrast , offers a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if comparative reading worked for research , why do n't you do that in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be able to be people , `` Benjamn Franklin . ''
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Origin of Life Tzu '' -- Thomas <unk> ] [ The path of Tao '' Alan <unk> '' -- rather than lost in translation , I found that you can make a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , it literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I wo n't feel like lonely or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Until a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first psychotherapy customer .
I was a Ph.D. student at Berkeley at Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a <unk> record , was thrown out on the couch of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class had a <unk> as a first client .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the stories , I 'm going to show you that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy just to move your head while we 're going to make the solution .
`` <unk> are the new 20 . '' He said Alex , and so I was right .
You start working after , you start working after , you have children later , to death happens later .
It 's like Alex and I had a lot of time .
But shortly afterwards , my <unk> pushed me to press Alex , who would talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with guys under your category , lying on a <unk> , but it 's not like to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , no , but maybe you marry the next .
In addition , the best time to work on Alex is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel a head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and I had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for careers , families and futures on all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without passing before they did .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah . They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a memoir , you 're taking out of sleep a few , I want to see . It 's fine . Amazing , you really matter .
This is not just my view . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 years old .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments `` Aha , '' which gives you how to get 30 and so many .
It 's more than 40 , they do n't panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money you win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , meaning that if there is something you want to change from themselves , now it 's the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during its <unk> than anywhere else in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment for educated about their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are critical for language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment in which your daily and common life has a <unk> impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there is something called adult development , and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
Journalists were <unk> `` <unk> '' `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think about it when you give a little boy in the head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They robbed that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , smart <unk> , interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like that , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a race before the 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum on the day that I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They all run out , and then at some point around the 30 , the music turned out , and everybody started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure pressure for 30 and so many of them to start a career , choose a city , to choose a mate , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
So many of these things are n't compatible , and there are research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful people to do everything at once in the '30s .
The median age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the race you want to do now .
You know , you ca n't have the child who you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because I was in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but he could n't even decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend who showed more temperament .
And despite living a very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even harder .
We were often getting on our sessions , but then she would raise them by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for nearly an entire hour .
I 'd just bought a new book card for board , and I had spent the entire morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he was watching empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please call it . ''
He was about the hysteria when he saw me and he said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if you give me cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a little bit worried about .
She needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit with the redesign of Emma happening in front of .
So for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all ages , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma that he was forgotten about that identity crisis and for identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something you add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of the race of Emma , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that school , of that company that you want to try .
I 'm not rejecting <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that should n't count , which is , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that he would explore work and make them count .
Second , I said to Emma the urban tribes .
The best friends are great for you to take you to the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds to just be limited to who you know , what you think about , how they speak , how they speak , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out , almost always comes from the nearest circle .
The new things come from what they call the weak friends of their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or they do n't have any work .
But the other half do n't , and the weak links are the way we 're using this group .
Half the jobs that they 're never published , then to know the chief of your neighbor is the way they get a job did n't published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when she has a partner and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit on the head that the 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person who you live in now , or you 're going to get excited now when all on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of just doing it work or killing time with whoever is that you choose to be .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the fourth of a cousin who worked in an art museum in a street .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That job offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special planner of events in museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , loves her new family , and I sent a letter that said , `` Now the emergency spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to do with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out of Los Angeles L.A. airport , they go out somewhere in the West .
Just before you launch it , a light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , to the 21st or 25 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even in the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling you to <unk> like Emma every day : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't know what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very picky job on management consultancy for a job that was even more demanding : faculty .
I went to teach you mathematics undergraduates at seventh grade schools in New York City .
And as any professor , I applied exams and testing .
I give them tasks .
When I did work , we got grades .
What struck me was the I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have scores of I.Q . <unk> .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , secure , are hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given given place .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough .
After several years of faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure better way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who is successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the <unk> Academy .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children would be as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers employed working in hard neighborhoods , how teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what about these vendors are going to keep their jobs ?
And who is going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a feature as an important success of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , the physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was the determination .
<unk> is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
<unk> is to have resistance .
<unk> is clinging to your future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future a reality .
Your determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in Chicago schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires , and then I waited for over a year to see those who were <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the evidence of standardized evidence , even the security that felt the kids when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or at the National <unk> of <unk> in which it matters . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is the little bit that we know , how little the science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop your purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic ?
How do I keep the long-term for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . I know that talent does n't give us purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do n't keep on their commitments .
In fact , in our data , we are commonly related , or even related to backwards measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the purpose in the children is something called growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain , and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to engage when they fail , because they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , we 're going to get wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like a daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and character shape .
From that moment , I was amazed for this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be so impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day over the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20 thousand characters .
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus in restaurant menus understand the basic idea of websites or the newspapers .
Today I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a ride .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he was shouting at a way , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally from the form of it called , but I like to believe that it 's the other way . It 's going to make them work .
This is a tree .

This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks to create a lot more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` on . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are crowd .
If a person stretch their arms out , this person is saying , `` It was big . ''
The person inside the mouth is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot . '' Easy to remember , because a tree has a <unk> , it 's quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , wealthy .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , is the tsunami of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
He played , played someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , escaping , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've already happened for almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every small effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that learns from eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up on the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become getting out .
A mouth that tells you where we go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and down onstage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician 's magician .
The film dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave her a good excuse to wear a bright dress and bring a magic wand , and he 'll take a magic wand .
But when you see that film as many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raised our children into a kind of industrial fantasy shows of child fantasy .
However , the magician 's magician was an event itself .
It does n't start that trend .
The trend actually took over a 40 years later with , interestingly , another movie whose protagonists , a metal kid , and a <unk> kid who had a girl dressed as a enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the <unk> .
But I think that if the magician of Oz will do today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you 're salvation of Oz as the prophecy predicted .
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies generated by the <unk> of the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another one thing of Oz 's unique thing is that the most heroic , wise characters , even coincidentally , are women .
I started noticing this when I made `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , he also had a son .
Just three years old .
I was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the oversight level was down , so slid the way in the room , and he was struck by a mom , and he was impressed by a mother leg behind , and I do n't think he knew what was going on , but , you know , <unk> everything .
I wonder what a perceived .
Would you be value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke joined an army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's compare this with the magician in 1939 .
How do I make Dorothy his film ?
In doing good nudges with all and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow to Oz , right ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force of <unk> F , force in the movies for our children , and so little about the yellow bricks path ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I 've never read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know from experience that the princess <unk> does n't provide the right framework for the world to navigate the world of the adults who are mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credits would start to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have a girlfriend .
Why stand there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you 've got to use a <unk> suit .
There are many exceptions , and to defend Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to children , even though they , kids , are not really their target audience .
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how they defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There is no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , as real , charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time still continues to appear in classic classic , every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend that all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism was when it came out with a <unk> ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies happens the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you heard about this .
There 's still no roots and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are just three questions that should be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more besides than the guy that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women there are and they talk about things to each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and I never really see it in the film that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar 's success , an idea of consensus on what 's a Hollywood film film .
Pretty much , do n't the test test .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage crisis .
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide-and-seek , and is the great moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` You coming to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , of the most popular movies , how many of them think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a lot of sexual perpetrators .
Who are those guys , what are those guys learning ?
What do you do n't learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and he does n't talk ?
We 're getting that story up ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to get it out .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to protect you if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to make something really important , and here I mean primarily the parents .
I think we need to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character on `` Star Wars , '' you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want to have a little bit of stories where I tell my son : `` Go '' and struggle only and more stories where it looked like their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine , because my parents told me that I would be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to test them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that seeing with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1.3 miles of length by the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like a brilliant pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes in landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because at the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , shown inside the red circles here , but somewhere within this massive continuous splitting .
This area is huge , it 's about six times an hour per mile .
Before , the Nile 's Nile right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , I moved to this and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a city underneath a large landscape ?
And I 'm trying to find that random would be the equivalent of a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use the data NASA scanning NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile 's Nile .
But you can see deeper , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly high area that you see inside the circle here , which we think could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing the sampling work ; you can see here .
When I say , it 's like the shots of this shows in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , underneath a thick mud layer , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> work ; <unk> , quartz and cat , which proves that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the rocks that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that comes back from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but we will be back to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Sharing to knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas actually happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts the search of binary shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door to get home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now , let 's take a bunch of obese obese group .
They 're racing on a bike bike race and they 're going into the direction of their entry door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're loud , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
They bumping up against the door of your house .
There were bicycles flying around , wheels that go on the side , and the wheels that they end up in <unk> places -- <unk> the door threshold .
In the lobby , to the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light is shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
She 's waving at the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur on the nose .
You can smell the oats cookie and raisins that it 's about to go into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and trained his living room .
Already in the room , and doing maximum use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on their middle table , singing `` <unk> I Baby One More Time . ''
Now humor me .
The soil has been coated with a yellow building and from the oven coming to you , the <unk> , the <unk> and the Len , the `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of America .
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few of these different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They were looking at the names of tens and tens of strangers .
They were sending entire poems in just minutes .
You could see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be like nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and it has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of those who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We have been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient , <unk> techniques in Greece , the same techniques that used <unk> to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did you have n't heard this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of the competition , Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order on a deck of cards live on national TV .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start for something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what your potential is .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad he did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone 's incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how our memory is that we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on creating Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went on a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was trendy .
And when I come back , I read a number of treaties over 2,000 years in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having trained , disciplined memory and cultured , was not such as rare as you can look like today .
A long time ago , people investing in their memory , to provide <unk> their minds .
These techniques have made possible for our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They 've changed us culturally , and I would say that they have changed cognitively .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where people are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , and cultivated is this particular competition of memory .
It 's not really that singular ; there are skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College London invited a group of memory champions , into the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to have brains in some ways , structural or different sources of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and from the subjects of control that you compared to them .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they 're using numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions , it 's <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used them , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament for competitive memorization tournament as a year is armed in where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors have to get to the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On your desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the <unk> order of <unk> random binary .
In a half an hour . Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used at the end , it gets down to a single concept that psychologists call <unk> coding .
It 's illustrates to a elegant paradox , like the <unk> paradox , '' he says the next thing : I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you , `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his last name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who told him that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory ; that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the Baker name does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know that .
They use white hats .
They have flour in the hands .
It 's okay when they go back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> <unk> at some point .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's called the `` palazzo of memory . ''
The story says this way : There was a poet called <unk> who went to a dinner .
He had hired it as entertainment , because before , if I wanted to give a very good party , you did n't get to a DJ , you hired a poet .
He stood up , he got his poem out of memory , and left , and so soon it was , the room of the dinner room collapsed .
They were killing everyone .
But not only killed them all , but it shattered the bodies left to unrecognizable .
No one could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford the <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
I took the family of my hand , and I was going to go where their loved ones were in between the rubble .
What you 've got noticed at that moment is something we all know more or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or instructions , or word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and visual memory .
If I was telling you that the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find it very hard to do .
But I would bet , if you 're going to tell you who 's sitting on the horse sitting on the horse in his lobby , they would be able to <unk> them .
The idea of the palazzo of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy , a crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> image .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do it in memory , in the same way that I would have done it , if you had invited it to <unk> , 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're on the door of your house .
And you come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely remixable competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and seeing the <unk> of the <unk> over Mr. Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth subject that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how Roman speakers are <unk> their speeches , not word by word , which is going to confuse them , but typical .
In fact , the typical term comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought of speaking and how to rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in his palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got in full of it .
I went to some of these memory skills and had the idea of writing something long about this competitive workforce .
But there was a problem .
The problem was , a memory competition is an unending event .
But seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams , I mean , the most exciting thing that 's going on is when someone gets stuck in front of them .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or old school names , bought in a marketplace of <unk> .
And I found that this was fun to do .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it 's actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard team of training for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> goggles with tape leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a competitor of memory .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . He had the idea that he could come into , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , which I did n't have to happen .
Of course , it 's nice to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to put you out of the memory or memorize the cards or memorize cards , to benefit from a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was about an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply down .
The memory palace -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they 're going to get them .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of them is not <unk> around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things do memorable .
And if there 's something that I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what our short existence is going on on the Blackberries or iPhones , does n't pay attention to being human versus us , who walks on our side . We 're going to be so upset that we do n't even care about processing deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you should be the kind of person who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so it 's just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from preparation , I was six years old , and I lived there at the house of my parents in a town called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom who shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there you all spend the time watching television . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , I 'd all look at me , and every time I sat back and was wrapped up in a towel , you all see me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of areas , but of those <unk> , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises to them : they think about `` power '' and `` democracy '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that we think about it because it 's because it 's in a building built by a half thousand years ago .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that use architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in the U.S. , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , <unk> <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it 's a lot of time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build up , the <unk> and the governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that you know are going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the Golden Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it 's got this round thing , columns , red brick , that let 's <unk> what might be able to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , got another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation -- the architects that are constantly carrying new technologies , new backgrounds , new solutions for life forms today .
<unk> , we 're going to get them around , and we got so much , that we got completely away from the people .
All black , this is all depressing . You think we feel pretty good , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have another option .
We have to go to the other side and start to connect with those appreciated symbols .
So we do that , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're going to feel like <unk> , and we 're going to swing the pendulum back forward , over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
That can be guess .
<unk> small , on dehumanizing .
A really hard thing .
So we 're approaching the 1980s , and we started to bring those symbols together .
Let me go back to the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that we like and <unk> them .
We added neon , and we add cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be treated made of glass made of glass .
The shapes are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Nothing grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But they were the 80s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be in the Mediterranean , French , or Italian .
Maybe with an infinite number of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what 's going on with the symbols .
They 're easy , it 's cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with called <unk> .
We 're taking the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions -- a few ways that are matched against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 're totally <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , it opened this building .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academic and public in general , agreed on a building .
New York Times newspaper <unk> this <unk> construction .
The tourism at Bilbao went up in a half a half a half percent .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible that they become a ubiquitous worldwide ?
And it happened , because the media gathers around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
Same thing did the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium has happened with other star architects .
I went to <unk> and Libeskind , and what happened with these very few elite architects at the new millennium , actually began to go through all architecture , and digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think about , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building .
Shipping speeds up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be a tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on television , and at the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not quite a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before we know what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we did n't have any idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the concrete or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until they 're on both extremes , and it 's pretty much <unk> , and actually the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can make <unk> symbols , with emotional charge of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building would end , it was a part of the community , and as the drawings looked like exactly the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a communication medium , because these are not just images of a building , are the images that you made from the building .
And as you use them to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media is not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We were bombarded with examples of examples , of innovation , about what a library is going to be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> you can take the mayor of <unk> , to the <unk> people , and tell them that there is no single answer to what a library is today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use words and complicated words and complicated drawings , and one is no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't let the architecture shut .
That means that you pendulum a pendulum to one another , of a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in ancient <unk> can be unique and adapted to the extent of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in terms of what you should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings will be transferred to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to make sports or for yoga , or you can even get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , is no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little names of names , so muscular and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological , smarter and kinder buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give shape to the smaller spaces : the local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the bedroom step into the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year , and it already started walking .
And it does that in that great , typical of children in a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives themselves these big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do this , and he made me think , `` When do I stop doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly do n't look like our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and to fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
You 're preparing for the next week at school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused , because , although her mom says it all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him it 's ugly .
Among what his mom says and what his friends or classmates say , does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it does it , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others please leave a comment , `` Am I beautiful or ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , ordinary teenager , who receives these answers in one of their most vulnerable lives , emotionally .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate like this .
But what are you doing this ?
Well , teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' by saying , sharing , publishing , this is never done .
Never before we have been so connected , so it 's very instant , so young people .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that you 're going from the hand with that is a brush .
This environment , to be connected to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I love '' and the kinds of comments that they get .
There 's no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know what 's real , or what 's not .
And it 's also very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are from the girls ' news covers now .
<unk> size is still dominating our <unk> .
The technique of <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
It 's like the superheroes of the sports superheroes , and the singers <unk> .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we 're sure we want our kids to grow healthy and be good individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to look at their appearance , at the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other ways begin to suffer .
Six of 10 girls will prefer not to do something because they think they do n't look pretty good enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributors to society and the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the discussions of the classroom , and they would be involved in the classroom 's debates because they do n't want to call the attention for their physical appearance .
One out of five are not attending classes at all over the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the testing season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a note less to the average of your fellow who 's not care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland .
And it 's every day , and they actually weigh these young people .
So , to make it good , we 're talking about how you 're really , not of how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with time do they do fewer physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they participate in more diet , not healthy that you can bring them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we thought that 's why you make more risky decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drugs , diet diets , static surgery , sex relationships to early ages and without protection and damage harm .
The search for the perfect body is <unk> the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or they do n't have higher rates .
Eighty percent of women do n't present to a job interview in one day that they do n't feel secure in the way they see .
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity ?
It will make this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first one is we need to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs that are available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing it , make it worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that follows our children is not just going to have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research research shows that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are dedicated to anyone willing to provide an education on your body self-esteem .
One education is fundamental , but to deal with this problem requires each of us to take the reins in the issue and be a better model to follow by women and girls in our own lives .
We challenge the current status of as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell the input of our politicians , or the size of their breasts , or the size of your breasts , or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging the people so they are , not as you see .
We can all begin by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you 'd get a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will be valuing their own person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they are never going to be told of being those who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Do your niece ? A friend ?
Could it just be the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if they were released from that voice , inside that voice , that haunted by not having long legs , God 's God , a flatter , flat belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and we would make your potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with imagery is holding back to us .
But let 's take our children the truth .
They argue that the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and why they do , and as they make us feel .
We will have self-esteem on the rsums of our schools .
So let 's switch to each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year age today will become agents of insurance change agents .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and murdered the rabbi acquire <unk> , the leader of the League <unk> Defense League .
They were initially initially meant , but being in jail for other minor charges , in company of others , began to plan attacks to about 12 icons of New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the U.N. headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were <unk> by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb from 1993 in the World Trade Center , he could n't avoid it .
Later , it would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being he an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American teacher , in the two they made everything possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , they come to know .
By experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who were going to be used by their convictions that are thinking that we have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them .
A few months before arrest , he sat with me and explained that in the weekends , he was explained to me , in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to put shot in Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I got to throw my father , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder and explained to me how to aim at about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that shot , gave the little orange light on the target , and , to surprise all of us , especially of me , the whole target burst out .
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From a parent , a child .
All of us , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what it seemed like funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those later people would be condemned by putting a <unk> with 700 kilos of explosives in the underground parking lot of the World Trade tower in the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to .
When I turned 19 , I 'd already moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable with somebody already , it was moment to pack and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class , I was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and a chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I was going on at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't have social skills , to say it , for growing under <unk> , was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like her race or religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my mind was during the presidential election in 2000 .
In a <unk> program I was involved in the junior National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was stuck in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids we had done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days to go out of the light , this detail , and I realized that there was no budgets between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of my life had been made to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer work in Bush , an amusement park .
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All life had been taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all the gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most gentle and less critics I had seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people , exactly the way I wish I 'd wish to be treated .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's like to be homosexual , but I know what to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came the `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest with my <unk> , and I was helping to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many forms , he became my immediate figure in a moment that I was desperately <unk> .
At times , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something that I 'm holding in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with his eyes tired of someone who 's suffered enough with endless dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , someday , who 's going to be trying to bring to violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , that although I 'm going to get into this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't have to make me a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against terrorism .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , talking against those meaningless acts , as rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I show myself as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow the trails of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that 's projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , it 's anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as a moments of your childhood that we project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in direct .
This film is the flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths about the existence of human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more about .
At least , I know that I have one consciousness .
I 'm not sure you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these inner films ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're going to have to produce results without experiencing the internal film ?
At this point , no one knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness for nature is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology was studying objectively the neuroscience that was objectively the brain was a objectively human brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's time for science to alter consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something like this in the fantastic job that I introduced Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better now , for example , areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience or feeling faces or feeling feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to tell you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why does a subjective film ?
At this point , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all of the emerging behaviors , how the traffic operate , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They 're all questions about how target operation .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we speak , how we speak , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that all behavior are accompanied by an subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , does n't actually have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> working . For a long time , I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that was not working for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to tell us at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , so great . We get used to this -- the physics explains chemistry , chemistry accounts for biology , biology accounts part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are aware .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to fix that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning , crazy film , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so it 's studies all that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many others , that vision is pretty close to just denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
They sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks -- space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties are not explain in terms of nothing more basic .
On the contrary , they 're very fundamental , and that 's what the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , charge , then by a matter of logic , you have to add the list .
The more natural would be to <unk> awareness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it 's not all about science .
It opens the way to direct it scientifically .
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists are sometimes saying that we want to be fundamental laws that we can greed them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we can stamping them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan '' for all , `` <unk> '' by mind , each system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes in Rob Knight , elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with anguish , when you think , `` Oh , I always go on the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , no .
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some raw feeling element , subjective , some different precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did anyone think that crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
And a deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that make fundamental laws that make sense with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .

<unk> , simple , simple <unk> .
A very exciting thing is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , took this kind of theory , and I developed rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree high of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse is an average degree of information integration , equally significant , degree of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero .
In the <unk> theory , there will still be a level of consciousness , a different level of consciousness .
It actually raises a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high grade of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using lots of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying it .
Like it explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the equations come from ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be allowed as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts them fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness does n't find out outside the physical world as an additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , vision <unk> , has the potential to tackle our relationship with nature , and it can have very serious ethical and ethical implications .
Some of you may be <unk> .
I used to think that I was n't supposed to eat anything that I had consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about it well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral moral , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of information , she has a complicated and complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems about the ethical computer development system and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of the whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , and now we have a collective collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the internal movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question that you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer than the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , which is a fundamental thing , which is universal .
vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally get it to discover .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural town in rural .
It had a very normal profile , a very profile of education .
I went to school , I was obsessed with my friends , I would get myself with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to <unk> for a community 's prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's pretty nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a bass profile in my mother 's <unk> , and spent a lot of time looking at `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of the teaching in a secondary school in Melbourne , only after about 20 minutes in the middle of the 11 minutes of legal studies , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What do you address ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivating speech .
When people in lawn chairs , they 're talking about things going on in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disability as inspiration objects .
And we are not . And it 's not the <unk> of the guy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We are not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , I 'm going to tell you what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire you . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to make it big .
I 'm not here to <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to the disability .
Yes , you 've sold the lie that disability is a <unk> , a capital , M capital .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not a bad thing , and it ca n't make you exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before we leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without a pencil drawing with a pencil holding a pencil .
You may have seen a child who runs out of carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use a deliberately porn term , because I 'm going to give you a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , it 's <unk> the disabled of disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate you , so we can see them and think , `` Well , because of my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that I 've been talking about strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was happening before my job had a public profile .
It was like I got up to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images attached to people with disability benefit from disabled people .
They 're there so that you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a hard thing .
Let 's get a few things .
But the things that we 're eating is not the things that you can think of .
They are not relative things to our bodies .
I use the term `` <unk> people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to focus on called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
The things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies to bring out the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to do that in the way we do it , by sharing those pictures ?
When people say , `` You 're a source of inspiration , '' he says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they 've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> , and you think , `` Oh my God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Now , I learn from other people with disability at all time .
But I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
And I learn that it 's a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to pick up the things that fall off me , and I learn the ingenious trick of how to load your mobile phone battery into the chair battery .
Great .
We learn from the force and resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that we 're dealing with , and we 're getting rid of it .
I really believe that that lie that you 've sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's a lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles on a stairs pitch has not made it to become a ramp .
Never . Let 's go back to a television screen wo n't show up the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and based on a positive attitude turning all these books to the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom is looking at `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> , '' you do n't consider anything for being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disability that we will be able to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy in a Melbourne of Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
The disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think about that is what you do .
Thank you .
What about augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , today , today , just answering one of those questions , so , please , you do n't get bored .
When people think about augmented reality , think of `` Minority Report , '' and Tom Cruise flying the hands in the air , but the augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you would fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what 's running through the field of play at 160 miles a blood beating your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds of us <unk> , trying to <unk> it all his way .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
So let 's take a few videos to show you what 's going to use Google Glass under the helmet and give you a sense of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images from NFL practices , because the idea of the emerging technology is a sub going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Just a moment . Let 's get it a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Come on !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , University of Washington University .
Audience member : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more to the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
Is it a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get in the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which probably many of you know .
The Rift Council has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to go on playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a rollercoaster to escape for his life .
What 's the experience of a fan of a fan when you put a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , and you 're throwing in a <unk> with the arm before you run and make a notation ?
When I could be <unk> running down the court , throwing the ball back into the web , or do you make a blade on Wimbledon ?
What will be your experience when it goes out of a mountain at more than 100 miles an Olympic skier ?
Maybe they 'd become the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
It monitors augmented reality when the coaches and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ? ''
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a brief scan on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to his <unk> <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radii of the camp <unk> and after the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next thing shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing , you wo n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
or by memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the countryside and they react .
And the coaches want , because if you do n't follow their instructions , you lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games , you 're going to get them like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But the augmented reality is not just a manual strategies that 's going to be better .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be having a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people that are down .
You also get information from <unk> sensors and <unk> , something that 's already been working .
And all of that information is being sent to your players .
The good teams will be sent .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to match the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
It will also be for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field of field .
Let 's get the ball and <unk> .
It <unk> an open receptor . All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Usually , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
Let 's go to the protection area .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receiver .
Take the ball , but you will break down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land . However , the receiver sees it in its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
And he 's coming up , it takes the ball , it runs and puts back .
The audience crazy , and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that creates massive excitement in the party .
I 'm going to do that lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is , we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the workplace of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for sneakers .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> , how harmful are your actions from the victim 's perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay China in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it is being pursued ?
How much is it worth about <unk> Hadfield or a Neil <unk> Neil trying to inspire a generation of children to think about the space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality augmented reality .
The questions that we do , the decisions we make and the challenges we face , depend , as usual , as usual .
Thank you .
Recently , I was <unk> after 23 years of service in <unk> California .
Most of those 23 years , I was the country to put the southern end of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is also known for their beautiful view of San Francisco , the Ocean Ocean , and its inspirational style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most widely used places in the world .
Golden Gate Bridge was open to 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer head of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically practically failing .
Malaria from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from their openness , over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers , to bring it to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , so that each of us from it frees you out of all your concerns and pain , and the waters that pass under <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After one free of four to five seconds , the body affected the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which are <unk> organs .
Most of the impact .
The ones that do n't normally get into the water helpless and then they drown .
I do n't think that those who are taking this suicide method will realize how they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 parallel steel inches to the bridge .
So here is where most people have gone to before they take their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in their darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had successful , that day to bring it back over the fence .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who were taking suicide , but the officials too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July July last year to receive a call from a <unk> subject sitting on the fence near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason only was 32 years and had flown over here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown until two times before New Jersey trying to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
So we had the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity became more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
Of her first came out of pests , sorrows , all sorts of ills against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason , I said , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , leaned on the right , leaned on the right .
This kind of kind of kind and smart boy in New Jersey just had to take out of taking away .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be sound very well , because the next day , the family 's rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason , they had been asked .
Poor damage from suicide affect a lot of people .
I ask you to ask these questions : What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or somebody loved it were suicide ?
What would you say ?
So what do you say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to speak , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how to feel , because you probably do n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other circumstances have ever thought of your life , have you had these thoughts ? ''
They 're going to save the person in front of it can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look at : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to improve ; they 're never going to get better ; they 're never going to be better , and they 're never going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it ; social isolation -- and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends that tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of me , really , really what Mike does n't go home .
Mike was driving down to San Francisco to see the <unk> of his father on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and has reported it as disappeared , that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my home and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the afternoon , the previous day .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be too weak , too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be that easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I responded to a radio call by a <unk> subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
I led my bike over the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , tail immediately the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next hour and the next half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided by his account that day will come back on that lane and give your life another .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked her , `` What did it make you back and gave him hope and your life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I heard you .
You leave me talking , and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , Nothing to erase the events of March 11th , and you are one of the reasons why Kevin is on with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
She took up Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious of all those <unk> traits , but , thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General Hospital in San Francisco , that night , you 're going to look like the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Now , Kevin is a father who 's loving and an active member of the society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspire others .
Leadership is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , was theft of the opportunity to meet him .
This is what about suicide .
For most suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think to hurt another person .
They just want their own pain to it .
Usually , this is just about three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol .
In my career , I 've answered and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge .
From those incidents I 've been directly involved , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who told him about an hour .
For that time , I was holding my hand on three times .
On the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact with on that bridge do n't kill themselves .
In addition , those few who have jumped the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one they leave the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that all and each of us have to demand for doing .
Russia can be prevent .
There is help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you 're , and you know what you are , and you get a question : How do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I finally had the dream that I had had since a child .
My outside finally was with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to go back later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that , just , I 'm just starting .
We all run our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some people have the value of free to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They 're people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called epiphany .
This is mine .
I signed up as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always wearing that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
The gender is always considered a unchanging , but now we know that , really , it 's a bit more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I will never be surprised to share my story , not because I thought that I 'm a bad thing , but how the world is treating those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , dad and family who accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There is a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman came in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 , when I was 15 , I met this woman named <unk> .
It 's the director of a wise beauty competition .
And that night she asked me , `` Why have n't you involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if he <unk> her , he was responsible for the inscription and the costume , and that night , I won in the bathroom , I won in <unk> , and there was third finalist left for over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say their first job was the queen of the beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the homeless goddess especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me , and he told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know , you know , if you spent the United States , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to give me two `` and '' to my name .
She 's also accompanied me when I was <unk> in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the rural cities in Thailand perform the surgeries more <unk> , sophisticated and secure .
At that time in the U.S. , it was necessary to get surgery before the name and the gender .
So , in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F '' gender of gender .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears was seen .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who lived his truth , but that , <unk> , he ended his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we do a global vigil for <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there was no longer any 20 of November .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
You do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Of course , first , thank you with all my blessings .
And my support network , my parents , especially my family , who is really strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , who I 've been grateful for , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I would take the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , everybody was assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put a gender on the table that sometimes that I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that no block , and that there should be a space that would allow him to be allowed to <unk> people , and this is a conversation that we should
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope you all are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very kind . <unk> : Thank you .
In a lot of patriarchal and tribal societies , fathers are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who know who his daughter is known to her , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> began their education campaign by education in 2007 , and when his efforts were trained in 2011 , the <unk> Prize for peace was made very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when I was born a child , his birth is not celebrating .
It 's not welcome , not by their father , not by their mother .
The neighborhood is coming , it gives her <unk> to the mother , and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother looks very much for having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When I give birth to the second daughter , he was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers too .
When I should go to school , when I should go to school , you have to go home and school reader laugh .
Up until the age of 12 , in a way , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move on the streets as a butterfly .
But when he comes in in a teenager , when it comes to 13 years old , he is told to go out of his house without a male person .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family and her family , and if you had the code of that honor of honor , you could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that this of honor code not only affects the lives of a girl , also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the
And there 's a rule of patriarchal societies that is called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble , <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl needs to be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent , and they accept their father 's decisions and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like that or whether they marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If you get married very young , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , the <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet , `` Death , <unk> , and then gives birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , challenged the same lesson from obedience to her daughter and the same lesson of honor her kids .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
I 'd got brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked in his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty feisty feisty of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I caught my pen , and I plotted it up a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half and a half years old , it 's <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why should I mention the admission of a child at a school ?
Yes , I must mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I was on the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the names of some of my sisters .
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my writing sisters .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I 'm going to sit at me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged him to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to <unk> them in his personality .
And this was not just for her , it 's just for me .
I 've got all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike .
I used the education for emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
They were taking siblings and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and we fought to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
His name was <unk> .
That means a complete denial of participation in all women 's participation , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned to go to school .
The women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
Musicians were silenced , <unk> girls were killed .
They talked about , but a few people talked about , and it was terrifying to have about those people who kill , and they 're talking about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , and he gave her her same for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> like a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and nine in October 2012 , he was shot to <unk> in the head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to my ear to my wife , `` Should I <unk> why I spent my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't get bored .
You would get the fair cause .
It <unk> your life on the cause of truth , because of the peace cause , and because of the education , and your daughter was inspired by you and join you .
They were both on the right path , and God will protect . ''
These few words , I 'm going to tell you a lot for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe headaches , and his facial headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that would lie on the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my wicked smile and with my face in my face .
I 'll get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a solace for us , and we were <unk> .
They were taking siblings and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , it 's like any girl in 16 years .
He cries out when he does n't end his job .
You fight her siblings , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold to be so bold , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
Let 's get what I did n't do .
I did n't cut your wing , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , and that 's where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
You 're still being like intelligent or not ?
Are n't that , you 'll be able to become smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , over a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and chemical mixes , and try to get , to follow with life .
I more than one time I 've been saved by a little bit .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would do to try to get the <unk> dose , because it really does n't have a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was amazed at how little changes in the dose would dramatically change my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my thinking , my behavior with the other .
A particularly awesome case : for a few months , I tried a dose and chemical dose for a man in 20 , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met a number of different types , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as a end .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , so insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of , and it just did n't happen .
So I could n't drive it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , when they adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters , and so on , it was reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my sharing flow .
I 'm thinking , almost always in pictures , and that became my key reference point : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , looking at things like that .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people asking this idea , and there are many discussions about how the mind works . It 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the thought of <unk> and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I 'm able to find that point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , good sophisticated and structured things .
Now , I 'm working on how to get quickly through these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to drive the world in front of it ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head ?
There are amazing possibilities with this , like the way people creative can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase our patient 's resolution systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to reach this with two recent experiments that were done by two leading groups in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , image by functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at an image .
The middle of the medium shows the brain scan of that same individual while I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost .
This <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between looking at an image , and imagining that same image is almost almost risky .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the <unk> <unk> lab at Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn brain waves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were collected to create a big pool of reactions in the brain to the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as they would get a new scan .
The computer , using only the brain information of scanning it to show you what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the inference of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
So , this was like , <unk> .
We 're good enough to do that .
We only need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create in the brain the same mapping .
This has been done with the biggest resolution brain systems that are available today , and its resolution was a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution over a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offering you for that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques by images , even me . <unk> with the recent MRI result , we should first ask the question , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> provide small improvements in resolution , does n't pay for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a great amount of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most advances in recent advances in <unk> , brilliant , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , on the transmitters and their FM radio levels in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform field , we use <unk> magnetic patterns in the FM radio frequencies .
So as we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM of FM radio processing , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge of the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using <unk> , we should be able to measure not only the blood blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We are going to be able to put our ideas directly to the digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly to the thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how will we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication .
And indeed , this same tool could lead to the cure for Alzheimer 's and similar disease .
We have a few more options to open this door .
If anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have argued .
Your closet may be maybe telling some person for the first time she loves her or telling someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any difficult conversation that you have gone through in life .
All together , it 's a tough conversation , and although our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet , is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be slope of that by the <unk> of my pants on , and I 'd come up with me my head a little bit , I would say , `` Hey , you 're a kid , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there was a awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say nothing , and I would go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time would say something .
He would have that difficult conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready and he was about to go full of the female affairs at the table , and I had the dates of Betty <unk> .
The quote of Gloria Steinem .
Even one fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' was showing .
So I took a deep breath , and I look at my back , and my back , a girl 's little girl with a pink dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question : `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deeper breath again , I made a little bit about her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I 'm watching child clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Oh , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation for everybody ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , we were honest one with the other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinet in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how one feels like living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons for why to go out of my closet , it was harder than getting out of your own , but this is the issue : The hard it is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who have declared them on banking banking is harder than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I say is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We have to stop classifying what is difficult for us to be difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our peers , and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinet , and they may feel confident , or at least safer than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , it does n't matter what your walls are , a closet , is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and paralyzed shoes .
It was n't gay lesbian to fight any child in four years who would go into coffee .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and the move just a muscle is the scariest thing I 've ever done .
My family , my friends , complete strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying not to be disappointed , and now the world was turned on to purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade , they will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time many of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing my father 's job of honor , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the tables , and finally I got to one where my parents ' friends , people who knew me for years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay narrative had started .
`` <unk> , were you ever in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antony ?
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Will our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but on waiting to show desperately her support , to get me to know that he was on my side , he finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , like you have all the launchers of grenades .
Surely , it might be easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not really hard to find them , and you realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody to do , but do you help ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
That 's how hard the hard conversations are still not my strong point .
Ask anyone who I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves getting out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be real .
Take armor . Be yourself .
That little girl in the coffee did n't have armor but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be straightforward . It 's just <unk> . You get your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you 're going to get it .
If they say to your parents that maybe they could be gay , they will keep the hope that that could change .
They do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more important -- will tell the complex .
You communicate your truth .
It 's never being told by that .
And some of them can get safe , <unk> , so you 've never been sorry about what they are .
And yes , maybe some you may be disappointed , but that something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , you have a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you might feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the history of how intelligence has been seen , an productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think of it 's as interesting as the question of whether an submersible can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , he did it as a critical to the pioneers of computing as as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine you 're from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the Earth 's intelligence , but they have incredible lives , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're an alien race that you do n't know about this , that it does n't have any concept about Earth 's intelligence , you would see that it 's forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to some point in time , the asteroids that are going on the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that led several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , that pointed out , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fixed with the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that <unk> the diversity of potential future .
Finally , in the robotic movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have been trying to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to maximize complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , I asked , for a number of years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can get out of all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintaining open choices , with a T force , with the diversity of potential future accessible , yes , to an impending future , tau .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to get caught up .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open choices .
And so , having in account this equation , is it natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you think about the level of human intelligence ?
Would artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think about , will show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research on cosmology has suggested that universes that make more mess , or `` entropy , '' in their life , they should have tendency conditions more favorable to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence will be a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlates with the production of entropy in the long run , it 's actually getting directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the long run in any system that you find inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could come up with multiple animal intelligence testing , play games of humans , and even winning money by <unk> actions , all of that without being told to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human standing without falling over , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided that he just decided to balance the post .
This ability to balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate throwing extreme edges of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of the model of that task .
This ability to cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully play a game of <unk> against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
So here we are looking at trying to orchestrate new connections into a social network where friends are constantly pushing out and keeps the web that 's been connected to it .
This same ability to hollow out also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable into trouble defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of stock negotiation , successfully increase assets under exponentially .
This risk management will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term robot , the play `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we were going to make smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines looked up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of every future possible , is a more fundamental principle that intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective .
So often they ask me , `` How do you find goals to be able to be able to get out of this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've extended our knowledge to how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which is what it is to the Earth is only one between billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us to understand if these planets are small and remodeling as the terrestrial planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are livable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The 2014 year was the hottest recorded .
<unk> and marine ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused to global scale have surpassed our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by stars , with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover beyond our planet .
I could say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I can look for Earth-like planets , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better about : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world of this for a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
And the satellites that are orbiting it , like the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose .
The private companies are now providing not just short space flights , but also the ability to live on Mars .
But despite all these <unk> images , you remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked to our imagination with the ideas that are linked to the ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to be able to colonize , places in comparison to Mars .
Even in the fastest and higher places on Earth , the air is cool , and filled with oxygen attached by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets are going to get a big , sad shadow , and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this self-destruction <unk> of this single planet that we know is really habitable , the Earth .
So I 'm going to like the intrinsic exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons for going to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is as to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will have a place later on the life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for the intrinsic exploration and the Earth preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments here in our world looks like aliens .
Only they 're closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces , in hostile areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a thought experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi , many years ago , realizing that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence for the existence of alien life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations are becoming advanced enough to consider living living in the stars , they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the origin of the planets that are going to develop this development .
It 's arrogant to think that just the Intel colonization of ourselves will save ourselves , but the planetary preservation and the intrinsic exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to force the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I took my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining room table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cellphone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's friend of Jeff to go night , because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning , and <unk> from my passport and my suitcase .
They 're expensive , but surely they do n't more expensive than a <unk> on a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , he was fine .
I 'm a career neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It allows cortisol to increase heart rate , you get the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that I could put in place , that they will avoid bad things happen .
Or at least , if you happen , bad things happen , that we will take the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until one month after my thoughts do n't .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed I read him about I broke the window , and that I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called a retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come up and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as it explains Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are obvious , they 're not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with obvious .
In the house , a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to keep tracking the location of important things , where they are right , where the fish are , who places the <unk> trees , where tribes live friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's <unk> in the <unk> <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels , and yet they could find their nuts .
They were not using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move much .
This is the reason for losing keys on the car , reading goggles and passports .
So at home , I 'd put a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular table .
If you go to a place and they 're <unk> with it , you 'll always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit card from your credit cards , license driving , <unk> , <unk> by email themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can make the substitution easier .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , the brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 'll all be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved person , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all making medical decisions , and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we need to take out of a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's say that they go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is n't the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And you may have heard about the <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most <unk> drugs in the world today . They 're even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , you 're going to get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for which most doctors do n't want to talk about , and companies companies even do .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or having surgery in any medical procedure before you get a person .
And should you think what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think it is ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This is the research research of researchers who are encouraged <unk> <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I 've been exploring numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they were avoiding a single heart attack , stroke , or another adverse event .
Now you probably think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to go down my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe for anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a smaller statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle and articulate , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still , to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , in stress you do n't think clearly .
So let 's think about how you do this over time , so you do n't have to manufacture the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have secondary effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethics requires it , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number need to treat it 's quite typical .
For the surgery that is more of the older men in the age of 50 , <unk> of prostate prostate , the number of cancer is about 49 .
This is what 49 surgeries for a person has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile disfunction , urinary incontinence , poaching , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only for a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can pose to the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because of a lot of times , do you want a long-term life of pain , or a longer life that could be a lot of pain at the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems go off .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator with a predator , it 's not necessary for the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . You could get to the lunch lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that go out of the window during those moments of stress is rational thinking , as Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to think about the future to think about the future to this kind of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all rejects .
We 're all going to fail at the time .
The idea is to think about how the future might be , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things in the first place .
I went back to the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor set me a combination of combination with the door , with a key to the entry door in the same way , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to touch more gently .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of sign , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came up during the late 1800s , and over the step of time , he mixed up with local signs , and the language is developed today that we know as <unk> .
So , it 's a story about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
Now , now I realize that it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
Like a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following the blindly , customs , behaviors and <unk> standards .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify sound .
Well , I learn that , you know , the behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't <unk> the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise eating the bag of chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` sound sound . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> the sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound , which is coming next .
Hence , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the world , deaf culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the <unk> sign in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , do it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
So in my drawings , I have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artwork there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
Over this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that point , the sound was the trend and that struck me attention .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has come into my territory of art .
Does it go to themselves more of art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it in a touch , or experience it visually , or even an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all that they had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get to me and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose to tell me .
There 's a mass culture around language talking .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of the society , it 's as if he had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way , I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking their voices , I 'm able to keep their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would not continue with this practice , I feel that I could <unk> it in oblivion and not have any social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said in <unk> .
So both of them are very , very <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the sounds like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a little metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different parameters .
If you assigned a different parameter for each finger while the piano hits the piano , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the shape of the hand , and so while the piano hits the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get a key at the same time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If just a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens to music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , when you use these different parameters , you can tell you different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> . ''
I 'm seeing you .
Get out of them .
Oh , I 'm getting bored .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , enough !
So , I started thinking , and if I see <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , you 'll get it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and puts it .
This is `` all day . ''
If you put it up and get the speed , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel the same thing you can say , `` All the night . ''
`` All the night . ''
This is all the night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` Last night , '' `` All the night . ''
I feel the third one has more than the other one .
This represents how time is expressed in <unk> and how distance the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past . '' `` <unk> to '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very , dramatic idea at once , `` Once there . ''
`` common time , '' it 's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically , I think , `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , <unk> , flashlight ] [ In your chest : E , E , flashlight , '' I 'm going to show you a form of the hand called `` flashlight limb . ''
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody with high hands .
Now we 're going to do it so much in your head like your chest , something like a common time , or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means <unk> in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` illumination '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' `` colonization '' and `` illumination . ''
Good job .
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and your chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , like the music .
Yet today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> has no sounds , it does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines the social value and allow it to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , and not you have to hear about learning music .
The <unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to help you open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say to me , `` You can get it all , but then you have to <unk> it . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
By getting older , I found out that the adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good to clean up the other ones .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and teaching citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk down the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and not , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's pretty scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to gather those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it takes an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those enormous boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream about to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> job table , so that the kids too <unk> can participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools are great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to get them on something that we hope to work .
We decided that instead of collecting bits of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids get very excited about robots .
Then we created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we transformed lamps and webcam cameras on accessories and we stitch it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board process is this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a estimate of sort of estimation of the amount of plastic in the water .
<unk> this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone makes it even more .
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you do n't get the Internet , and you 're going to be stuck with this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest rainforest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very shocked because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where they can fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a <unk> that can burning through all sorts of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help to identify what 's in the water .
And we 'll put this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other way remote .
[ So I can investigate a problem at a distance , and I was forced to make a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and probably remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in an instant .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear power center nearby .
And today , according to a average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has traces of traces of <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's got safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the children .
Of course we did n't get them , the parents did n't .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with your whole life .
Together with them , we talked about the data that day , and we talk about what we were going to do after , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the map of elevation , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and sprinkle storage water to simulate the rain .
So with this , we could notice that the powder is radioactive from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to the date .
We 're approaching up to 1.5 miles of nuclear power , and with the aid aid of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracker tracking that we invent and we build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became so much so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become true with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age transforming their standard wheels into new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , makers , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation for people to care about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposite design .
One is made out of thousands of steel pieces , one of a single thread of silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
It takes place over the environment , the other one believed it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo angel said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
<unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information it required it for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by <unk> of manufacturing and mass production .
The lines of assembly has dictated a world made out of parts , including the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as they would fill in discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin in <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with small pores .
You actually act mainly as a filter , the other part as a barrier , and yet , it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that has gradually shifted its functionality through variation of elasticity .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere and the right hemisphere is shown in the two screens after me .
My job , at the simplest level , tries to bring these two visions in the world , moving from the assembly and approaching the growth .
You probably wonder : Why now ?
Why was n't this possible for 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where they have four disciplines that give access to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , on large scale , like this robotic arm with a scope of 24 meters in diameter that someday not very far to print entire buildings , and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms .
So here we have <unk> the tsunami , an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture , and has created a screen where every opening is only size to shape the light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the ability to create a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing , we print this layer and 3D skirt on seams between cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , enables design products to fit not just the way our bodies are , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the time , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The Professor Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
It 's going to take this surface of 44 different properties , which vary stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , is its functionality not by addition to the addition of other material or other assembly , but continuously , continuously and delicately the material property .
But is it ideal nature ?
Is there any parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish household , but when I was young , my grandmother would tell me stories about the Bible called the <unk> , and one of them stayed to me , and he was going to define a lot of what matters .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God knows the Earth to grow a <unk> tree , <unk> . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made the trees grow trees with branches , cortex , <unk> and flowers .
The Earth created a world made out of parts .
I often ask , `` What would be the design if objects were made of a single piece ? ''
Did you get to a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material that tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons that are produced every year for organisms , crabs , scorpions , butterflies .
We think if we can tune in to their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it a legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks , <unk> , and we produced <unk> paste .
We would increase chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple fog of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the way , and create these structures made from one single standard , long , recyclable material .
When the parts are ready , you dry it to dry up to find a natural form to contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first time on the planet is 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard , and MIT , I would define genetically engineered bacteria to capture very rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of bone beam , and if it grows even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made from shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here is the best part : for designed objects to <unk> , put on the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put them on the ground , help grow a tree .
<unk> for our next design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the ability to create clothes to keep the life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So , like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made in a biological form and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just that instead of <unk> , precious metals are synthesized with new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're going to take our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , two microorganisms are combined .
The first is the <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the fresh water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit the human gut .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels to the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , which will help you flow these bacteria and to get them through the way .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we 're going to look at the properties of material as we wanted to pretend .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're getting more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , 200 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as I 'm going to be at TED , our first portable <unk> channels , bright liquids channels in the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're the world stories , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we 're looking at our skin , do we waste the damaged tissue and hold our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints material out in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home inside which they were going to be .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , assembling those fibers .
And this is happening through scales .
The silk worm first turn into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to <unk> a cocoon of compression .
Now tension and compression , the two forces of life , show themselves in a single material .
In order to understand how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this <unk> cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
And yet , by putting the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you would have a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition of cocoon , being transmitted directly by the environment .
<unk> are often attached to the silk worms to the death within its cocoons , your silk gets rid of it and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates were able to shape raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot , making silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that the silk worms are <unk> into more dark and cold areas , so we use a solar route to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays from the light and heat , and then we harvest the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We were <unk> worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were prepared to deal with us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as we <unk> , <unk> , they 're <unk> , they put eggs , and life starts again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
So , by adding biological silk on the silk <unk> silk , you bring this whole pavilion .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , 4,000 of the silk worms are 22 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
So moths , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk arm through a robotic arm , the other fills empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers should bring these two visions in the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
So here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands us , for the first time , that we will be charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
They can <unk> your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English and <unk> and art and art sites , plus , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard of us .
And generally I like to try and persist anyway , for having dedicated a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this sense of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I got back to the other thing , something completely different , and I 'm going to get away on it , and I 'm going to keep you going to that , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my stuff , '' and then again this point where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all of my other passions , and <unk> <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about it for nothing .
I was worried to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or to my own success .
If I relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked me then .
Ask themselves , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned about culture .
So you ask , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to cause cute answers to the children as , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to get the Halloween suit here .
So this question is made us over and over again as we grow up in different forms , <unk> . Oh , to high school students , you ask them that they 're going to pick in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise before what sleep takes off .
Why ?
If this issue is inspired by children to dream with what they might be , it 's not inspired by dreaming of what they could be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , although well-intentioned adults , you may say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be a artisan of violins and a psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , and he was turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to dedicate your life to it .
But what if you 're not connected to this way ?
What if there are a lot of different issues that show up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel it does n't have a target .
And there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for this .
It could help you if you divide up to three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
And you can also use other terms , and you can use the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who I was doing well in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You get any term that you like or make yourself .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as a limitation or whatever you should beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths in being like this .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization data , trips , mathematics and design , when they found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea , by its eclectic eclectic skills of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening at intersections .
That 's what new ideas come from .
And <unk> , with all its background , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second superpower <unk> is fast learning .
When we were <unk> , we are going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it has been many times in the past , and this means that we are less afraid of testing new things and getting out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring all the things that we 've learned to every new area that we 're going to have , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> <unk> and an independent writer .
As a child player was an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest known <unk> .
Before it became a writer , it was a city in a city .
He had to learn the smallest sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this skill helps to write a compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to engage what you 're attracted to , even if at the end they leave .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . I mean , the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other words , online pages , sometimes a Kickstarter consultant , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take over different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
Fast Company Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that may be able to be able to meet the needs of the market , which actually <unk> .
<unk> of ideas , quickly learning and adaptability , three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you might lose if they 're pushed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest to encourage people themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional problems right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They come up with the belly , knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice , and the <unk> offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all have to design lives and careers that we 're doing with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , it 's largely encouraging them to tell you that they 're just more like their partners .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing you 're going to take from this talk , I hope that it is : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you get all the media .
That 's where you will give you the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` <unk> with your many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity for those <unk> .
We would use intersections .
It takes our inner wiring into a happier and happy life .
And perhaps the most important , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
You know , I did n't know how to help <unk> , but let 's give them up until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy and found strange plates and <unk> in the <unk> brain of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If you had to have been alive today , we could n't give it more help than he had a few years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From 1901 , medicine has moved very much .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , so many treatments for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But it 's been made on the treatment of Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affecting 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 years or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you spend your years to go through with Alzheimer 's or helping take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's disease .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs to cost 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of health care is on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs required an increase in five times in 2050 , as the generation of the booms ages .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's made relatively little in order to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less Alzheimer 's disease , because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a <unk> number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody else should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us , the scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think that they will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the patient 's disease to see real physical damage by this disease .
In addition to unleashed a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused significantly reducing the hope of life , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and strangers in the <unk> brain , a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know , we 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places on the paper that they 're being educated .
And when it folds up well , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots stay on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules stick to each other , forming groups that can form big plates and break them .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are lots of steps , and the identification of which step is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a cable could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that it locks it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of the wires have been reduced and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemicals , engineers , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened to test these drugs .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick to each other within them , as humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to defeat Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to get Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try it , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have given more research and practiced pressure over governments , pharmaceutical industry , and the legislators and the legislators .
That was essential to advance the HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
We see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night , are often too ambitious to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change they need for themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and in my own experience of testing myself a night last night .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will come up to make up 36 questions , and then you both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you get to another person ?
And just ?
You know , you know , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really want you to -- Tell your partner what you like about him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really called me the attention , the gadget that two of the participants had married six months later , and invited everybody in the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the opportunity to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to join .
However , we fell in love with us , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the Modern Love column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's now August , so I guess some of you probably wonder : they keep together ?
And the reason I think of this is because they 've been asking me this question again and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
One week before the paper was published , I was very nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred view as a lot , and those were actually only about my friends on Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be a few thousand views .
And that came into a relatively new burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But it had no idea .
The article published on a Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened on the traffic of my blog .
And the Sunday , I 've already called me the Today Show and `` Good <unk> America . ''
In one month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is encourage confidence to write with sincerity about themselves , but another thing is to discover that loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call them or write , what they did every day for weeks , always they were asking the same question : they still get together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` still still ?
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
And even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed down to the stage , `` Hey <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately put myself red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
And the 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , which included the experiences of the readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I took on television interviews , and he refused the photos of the photos of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> of the <unk> process , a range of which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know whether it was able to produce lasting love , not just an adventure , but real love , long-lasting love .
But this was a question I was n't able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months old , and I felt , especially , people posed the wrong question .
How do we know if we would go on together or not , and then would you tell them ?
If the answer was not , would I do the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Rather than that , I was searching for foster students between college students , using what Aron was called <unk> , sustained , reciprocal personal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
<unk> felt closer after doing so . Several later studies also used the <unk> <unk> protocol , as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it for members of the police and the community , and they 've used it among people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness : I tried to test the studio , and it did n't work .
He looked baffled for it .
I mean , you want to say that you 're going to tell you from the person who you did ?
Well he paused .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But became better friends ? ''
Did you think that they did get better to know better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked . '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had that relationship since I was 20 , which I was supposed to almost all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I turned to science .
I did all of what I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could sort of hold the heart to the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did this for the book that I wrote , in retrospect , seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel so bad .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably than reasonably they can demand for me .
What I look for love is a guarantee , not just to be loved tomorrow and being loved tomorrow , but I 'm going to remain loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love .
There may be a way to mitigate some of the risk of implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because they love us to feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
Now , the version of the story you ask : still still ?
And its content with an answer of self or not .
So more than a question , would I submit that we ask more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things are tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance them ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship ? Or even more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a well-known study and we applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love with not the same thing that remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article I wrote , `` Love does n't happen .
<unk> fall in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it right now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , there was n't just thought of what that election was supposed to .
I was n't thought how many times we would have both of that decision to make that decision , and how much it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions , I 've chosen to love someone as generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest city of America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I 'll spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by lesbians in full mountain , and in a way I got like a <unk> of the forest .
And the city of New York does a time ago , something that really affected me , but more details later on .
I 'm going to start when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and you put a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange humanoid , or a few aliens could find this box about 500 years later , and we 're going to see how our kind of adaptive ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's got grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At one point , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from trip and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it all the pages and made a sort of <unk> <unk> style so that Agnes Martin , and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that he could be <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to be that it goes out of size , as if it was that you 're taking the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs and strange bottles I was finding on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow back , draw as well as it 's done around a crime scene .
And I pulled out the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First of all , the botanical -- that you can make an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was very much fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in human form , and I was interested in the human form , of resin natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : he died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing on a window , then in another window , and another window , and it had all these windows together that put a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work was done with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
To the triptych , I was inspired by a great extent in `` The Garden of the joys , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> of the <unk> in Spain .
You know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych . I 'm going to tell you this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It 's got double face-to-face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going from the world of representation , to this hidden analog mesh where they hide .
Here is where creatures with animals ' heads are going to <unk> , they 're ready to kill suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a god bird strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> of the Khmer Rouge of Osama bin Laden , the hut of Osama bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while from the other hand .
Your hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological self that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a look like `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird peak , and it spits out the clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail long , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , their tail turn on fire by a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
Their tail ends up in a eyeball , made of terrorist cards in 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It brings me to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each is a file of our culture , through media and things are encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of human being , and they travel into groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting me .
Each one is basically a <unk> <unk> that weighs 1.3 pounds of a human being trapped inside .
This is a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to show you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and you cover the penis or a <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick scan of these works , because I ca n't have it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This is two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called <unk> .
Inside this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
It <unk> the box and all the people in the inside pairs to each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that 's living .
And together we 've got to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of the countries , of the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , you 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when they hurt your head ?
Take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect against pain , first of the stomach , the bowels and the other organs .
He will take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system so that any drug <unk> medication .
The downside , however , is that by <unk> any medication that 's been diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve the number of viruses in the blood , and increase the cells of <unk> cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , in their most negative majority , because in the time that you take to get to your blood current , they will become worse , and even worse for the time that it takes to reach their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV storage .
These are regions of the body as lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs where the virus is dead and it does n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are <unk> to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the drugs that is a treatment for life run by the oral <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of viruses , without the risk of <unk> of drugs ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for wounds and diabetes surgery , you can use for anything imaginable , including <unk> transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes , opening up and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best they ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small , powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug at the question of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're now testing this technology in vitro , or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , it 's our laser , we 're going to do an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep cells open .
Well , this does n't seem to be a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV in the body .
Yes . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researcher in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying local armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
What these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand the better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent engagement to nonviolent confrontation .
I do a field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute among states .
No longer .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , they signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we have to even engage them in any process of resolution of successful conflict .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how they do it , but no one actually analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies do n't relate to .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for their violent encountering Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military services .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
It 's multitasking .
We had a complex machine machinery : radio stations , radio channels , Internet websites and strategies on social networking .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , print in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups also invest in a complex fundraising <unk> , but by cost-effective businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something more : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , put programs in professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population to offer something that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by the war , or even the principle of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 in 2006 can not be able to recognize the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyzed the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrid .
They grow up because they fill gaps with gaps , and they emerge as armed and political groups participate in violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated ones are these organizations , we 're less likely to do it as a contrary to a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
It 's a part of a territory , running all its functions , collect the trash , running the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrid nations , and the weaker the states , like the Middle East , more come in and they fill that gap , the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools .
It <unk> that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace .
If we understand better understanding of armed groups , we 'll understand what incentives to offer to foster violence is not violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but not peace and stability .
To achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm going to give you a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling the `` Bad <unk> . ''
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had strange ideas about feminist , these <unk> women , angry with men , and they hated sex , as though that was bad .
Today , I see how women are treated in all the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people at once who would be a feminist .
It will be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'm going to remind me as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who says too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also proud of being .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They get the same pay for the same job .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> or violence or violence .
We have right to use it easy , and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There are more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to figure out our other identities .
We 're not only women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to figure out these differences , and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music , I hear all volume .
Although the letter degrade women and it offends me deeply , `` Salt <unk> , '' of the Yang Yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do you do with your wet t-shirt . ''
<unk> , give it , move , until you hurt the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the household chores , but also to kill insects , the collection of garbage , the <unk> of the grass and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful thing .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and romantic cartoons , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that they make reality .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We 're going to fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> the needs of women 's women , the workers , gay and transgendered , for white , heterosexual , middle class , high school .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
And also the next thing : as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to be perfection .
And when we were <unk> , we take a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
So as I said , I 'm a disaster -- I 'm already going to take you out of that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
So many women , particularly innovative and leaders of the sector are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that sticker means , by fear , not to be able to fulfill the little bit realistic expectations .
Let 's take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In Africa <unk> from 2014 , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' of three feet tall .
It was a wonderful show , seeing this pop star embracing my feminism and making women know women and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
It takes over time , cultural critics started endless debates if <unk> was or not just a feminist .
I was able to make his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and grown woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still fighting very much , we want a lot , we need so damned damned damned .
We 're going to be much beyond the sensible and constructive criticism , in order to stare at the feminism 's feminism of any woman , <unk> until not left anything .
We do n't need to do that .
Feminism is , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our flaws to account , to go to action and be a little more courageous .
If I hear an demeaning music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they <unk> change , really affecting their profit .
It 's definitely hard .
Why does your music have to be so upset ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve gender equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
They 're two great girls , and it 's determined and brilliant , and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world .
Where they 're being told by the strong creatures they are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option sees as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports , and I 'm telling you the Game of Thrones .
We can change the radio station when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go into cinema elsewhere , when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports , where athletes treat their partners as obsessions of boxing .
In any case , men , especially men , especially white men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't bring enough number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invite you to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help be included until more as us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision .
Now , we are not <unk> anymore . No efforts , without adopting these positions , our achievement are going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top , to people in power directors and movie producers and music and the CEOs , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create lasting and meaningful change .
We can also tell with the courage of our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' he says , `` I 'm thinking to be a bad feminist at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially , because the old my voice was stolen , and my feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to deal with what happened .
A few kids were telling me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
And I took my voice , and after all I did n't believe , I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and of the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found out that if it was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realizing that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And on the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we all can do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when it 's a little bit of it just needed to be a little bit .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , or having to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles who can be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something was supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article unleashed about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe the majority of smart scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents around the world continue to realize that vaccines will be put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the estimates of autism growth in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it , they believed about it to develop their whole professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , prevalence estimates , continued to stable only three or four children for every 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> are routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another kid at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not vaccines , what is it ?
So if you ask the people in the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on sentences like `` <unk> , '' and `` better <unk> , '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't completely dissipate the fear of a young mother who seeks his face of two years , the visual contact .
So if the diagnostic criteria had they had to scale , why were they so reduced ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious progress with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , the Johns Hopkins Hospital -- in <unk> , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit the private worlds , <unk> people around , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours waving their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to panic for <unk> as when they do n't put his favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
In the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , stated that I had seen less than 150 cases of their syndrome as you pick up references of places as far as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , <unk> will give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once you were aware that he had become nine from every 10 children sent out for other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
We were doing autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept a refrigerator in a refrigerator that we do n't .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that they put together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things as the children were simply regurgitating out what they had heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible for the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s , that researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , the cognitive psychologist in London , was thinking that the theory of mothers <unk> from <unk> was pretty stupid .
She and her husband was warm , <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as a Susie , no special education , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague , Judith Gould decided to do something that would have done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
I had a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find autistic children in the community .
What you saw was clear that the model of <unk> was too limited , because the reality of autism was far more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , whereas others were engaged in their fascination for astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or on the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , <unk> frames , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic <unk> model would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did nobody ever realized these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
He knew about this article about the competition , but he avoided <unk> mentioned in his own work .
There was n't even a translation of English , but luckily , the husband 's husband was German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who ran an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with classes of exercises with music , and kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability of life that required compassionate support and tuned spaces throughout the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger told them their little teachers , and he had been to help in the development of education methods that were particularly suited for them .
Essentially , Asperger saw autism as a very diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in conflict , in pop culture , like the awkward social scientist , and the habitable teacher .
He was beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , a single bit of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , so the parents were the <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of <unk> to expand the criteria of diagnostic that they called the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the end of the 1980s and early '90s , their changes in place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a wide , inclusive .
These changes did n't get on a broken bag .
<unk> , when <unk> and Judith worked in the wings to reform these criteria , people around the world to see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out , `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the unforgettable performance of Dustin Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what the autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical trials are introduced to use for autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little bit of experts to get a diagnosis for their son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' is the criteria in the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness .
The number of diagnoses started to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that that way , making people with autism and their families eventually supported the support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines by the increase in diagnoses , a simple , powerful , powerful history , and seductive story credible as a theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention of one of every 68 children in the United States are right , autistic , autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the strains of human cognition .
A way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social obsessionally , and it suffers from a attention deficit to the details .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most disabling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
